ha here we are my my you a shooter well
dude my ears are covered for the second
time today I'm just gonna say that and
I'm a I'm a ask me like they and asked
me if would you go you a shooter that's
funny I'm Italian hopper I'm a tactical
shooter bro I'm a tactically so he ever
done we did we went to Terran tactical
today and yeah Bryan Callen learned the
ins and outs learn how to lean forward
had some Navy SEAL instruction as well
no hold the post Whaler yeah how'd you
feel I love it fun right I've been doing
it in my head forever in your head
doesn't really work first I've rehearsed
killing a gang many times people
surround and Shore lean and geeky wait I
go like this why don't you shoot him in
the knee and rehabilitate him
that's a good idea because they don't
have knee targets if they had just a
bunch of tiny targets on the ground well
I hit I don't like cuz I'm like what am
i shooting B I was gonna say they're the
size of a toddler yeah that's weird
I'm like alright so I gotta kill the
toddler with one shot kid with a missile
yeah I was pretty accurate with that
that's kind of sick but um yeah that's a
good idea I could either waste them or
wing them i wing them and then take them
in and it's teach them the error of
their ways
yeah at the end they'll be loyal to you
I tossed them an herbal an herbal remedy
an herbal wrap like Steven Seagal had
and that one movie was in a coma
oh yes he was kicking his ass a couple
days later I don't care everybody says
that shit was factual would you remember
that movie very well no no you're way
out of line well above laws the first
movie yeah
this was deep he's in his comic what
killing the property got a nurse yeah he
already on fat by this time he had yeah
yeah that's where he ran terribly he
always runs terrible yeah but in the
early movies he was skinny and above the
law he was skinny yeah but then by the
time he got to this other movie where
he's in a coma forever like okay his
fingers moving he's waking up okay look
Oh sexy or wasn't too fat now wasn't too
fat he looks great there but he'd
already you know started to filling his
hair and so then he was in a coma
forever and then gets out of the coma
remember starts doing all sorts of
Chinese herbs and shit become about how
see he was pretty skiing
yeah he was so this early in the career
yeah he heals himself I would that I
would do I would throw them an herbal
wrap and tell them how to wrap it and
then say training begins tomorrow at
dawn and then you wake them up yeah hey
man fuck you fuck you man fuck you and
I'd be on horseback for no reason
really Jose why do you because there's
something very masculine you have where
you're on a horse it's my entire act
it's my eye I just had this there are
couple things I want to do before I die
one is to toss somebody an herbal wrap
and say training begins tomorrow or be
there tomorrow and I want to
rehabilitate at-risk youth but they're
like 20 and then I want to rear up on a
horse
mmm we're up on a horse but I want to
appear out of nowhere rear up on a horse
and rescue a group of women in the
wilderness a group of women in the
Wilden was a in the wilderness for they
got lost with the hikers they were there
plane went down nobody got hurt but it
skidded along the collision like they
said we can't find them it's
impenetrable it's impenetrable then I go
fetch fetch me fetch the man Panther the
man yeah you should have do you know
about this guy his name is dick Pro
Nicky and he was a guy who lived in
Alaska by himself in a cabin that he
built for decades yeah and he moved out
there when he's 50 years old he got
tired of life and just the way
everything was the fast pace of modern
life so this guy decided this guy
amazing videos on YouTube this guy built
his own house out there in Alaska
fashioned it out of logs there's like a
video of him doing the whole thing
filmed everything filmed all of his
interactions with animals mmm
birds would come and land on his hand
and he would really him oh yeah yeah
he was you
he literally is you splittin stoic yeah
by himself and wrote you know me stoic
and real solitary and you know real
measured with his words of course and
everything you wanna be and he would sit
and every night he would write and he
would write about his experiences and
the the deep satisfaction that he got
off of living that kind of a life right
does it amaze some amazing videos pop
one of the videos he could watch how
this guy's living his life out there but
you know he would only see people like
once or twice a year or when they would
drop off goods and things that he needed
hmm but this guy was you know he wasn't
a spring chicken he moved out there when
he was in his 50s Wow yeah
when was this I want to say he had some
ways back cuz back with his brother I
want to say in the early 2000s somewhere
around that that looks like 16
millimeter film that yes yeah oh dude he
lived out there for decades
like I said yeah by himself got I know
your shit to be out there by yourself
uh-huh well I think most of it he
learned once he got there and he talked
about it he talked about what the
experience was like about just you know
learning how fatiguing is to hike oh
yeah learning how fatiguing it is to
gather up your own firewood and he made
most of his own tools are right there
he's making a mallet himself a drill
drills a hole in it with a hand auger
and then he makes his own peg and he
only brought in tools to make tools and
the big tools like that he made all of
himself that's amazing and what did he
live on just deer meat I mean yeah elk
meat deer meat berries he got some
oatmeal and stuff you know some dry
goods that would he would get in large
he's coming in touch-based periodical
they would come to him people would fly
out to him with goods but I mean he
built all this shit by himself he built
his whole cabin by himself and he
documented every step of the way amazing
his name is printed p ro e n n e ke dick
prenta key alone in the wilderness is
the whole series on YouTube and he's on
the side of a lake with this this cabin
that he built living off of
animals that he hunted in firewood and
you know whatever food that he gathered
I'm obsessed with this now I got this
Corona thing caught me with my pants
down yeah I want here's what I want I
want a I want a substantial cabin made
of thick logs or stone and then I want
it near a lake or a water source maybe
preferably a well yeah then I can
irrigate my own crops you can have crops
how much chicken
I need chickens really only need a
garden you don't need cries I asked you
I need a garden was it just you yes well
it might be me and my several several of
lady friends my lady friends because I'm
going to start my own colony so I have
to breed mmm you understand okay
I need I need a lot of hair and beard
dye because I want to stay looking young
what if they go up with something that
reverses you an age now you're talking
my language
how old David Sinclair will actually
have a cabin on the side he'd be right
next to you do an experiment I'm gonna
have his fucking lab and I'm gonna be a
skinny pig yeah you'd be the guy yeah
David come out come on out and I'm just
gonna Tyson Tyson with all the girls
he'd come Wow he's not into that he's a
married man leave him alone all right
but he'd like to come out to staying out
and pal round for a few days he's a fun
guy
he seems like a good guy he's a great
guy yeah and he's brilliant and he's
brilliant in the field that's very
important he's what do you mean you're
getting old that's right yeah that's
right you want to be dick brenneke we
had to escape your your wilderness again
again I there are couple things one more
thing I want to do is I want to split
with my shirt off while I have women
watch me through the window of my log
cabin as they're baking me a pie and I
know this is a chauvinistic fantasy it
sounds like it don't worry you sound
like a real piece of shit and the other
thing I want to do before I die is I
want to have a horse I'm so attached to
that I can go and and then it just shows
up Oh
so sort of like Brad Pitt's pit bull and
once upon a time in Hollywood correct
I'd kill for one of those that pit bull
was bad was fucking great that thing
just fucking got me they knew what to do
when to do it yeah yeah they don't use
the cops I heard don't use Mastiffs even
while I was gonna do - no let go
yeah they don't like to let go yeah then
you got a major lawsuit on hand you
can't
bite your fucking hand well I was
watching a fucking video of a guy in San
Diego who got arrested by these cops and
cops couldn't get the German Shepherd
off his arm did German Shepherds clamp
down this guy's forum this guy screaming
and they're pulling on the dog and the
dogs pulling on them he took the dog you
don't pull him bro they were a ninja
shit and choking the dog apparently they
thought this guy was a bad person and
they were letting this dog chew this
guy's arm up and you get permanent nerve
damage devastating to the tissue in your
for I've seen video of it where I saw I
said the cops showed it to me I said why
didn't that guy was this giant a wall
him on a wall just giant he used to be a
special forces guy and he just went
crazy and they let that dog loose on
they had two cops and he was fighting
off they let this dis wolf this fuckin
wolf loose and grab the dude on the top
of his army of huge arms like Brendan
Schaub like big arms grab grabbed the
guy and the guy just I in the middle of
his craze he looked at the dog and then
just went dead he froze and went down
and I said why isn't he punching he goes
because you shut down because when he
bit that arm that arm went numb
you can't use that arm well double hane
oh the excruciating pain a German
Shepherd biting in your arm yeah oh not
good or real wolf well that's now you
can train them now you get yourself a
problem of course they're not interested
in listening they're not as serious I'm
getting a wolf to attack I'll tell you
who's not hearing a fucking peep out of
a wolf and I'm talking about a timber
wolf not a peep who is mr. mountain lion
okay mister that works mountain lions
versus a wall I'll tell you how exactly
how ready yeah the wolf dies really
that's right has you ever seen it that
there's a video of it first of all
really yep hmm now that is back by the
way wolf cries get over at mountain lion
gets under that under the old jaw line
Oh get the net yeah and by the way God
is and holds on with those claws that's
right they have claws yeah and it's more
athletic it's 150 pound hundred and
forty pound hundred thirty pound pound
line good luck with that and there's
they fight so low they don't need a
bunch of pussies and they come yellow
they go fucking low like a lion
there's no and there's no sound there's
a great video of
water buffalo charging a lion a male
lion and the male line literally waits
until the water buffalos closing the
distance and then ducks under and grabs
ahold of it by the neck and just hangs
on yeah Wow actually it might not have
been a water buffalo it might have been
something else like oh he's a cow some
some other rugged animal he's a rugged
animal yeah I forget what animal was but
the animal makes a rush at the lion like
hey fuck you and the Lions like no fuck
you
thunder and one of the problems when you
have a game reserve is that if you have
a pride of lions you are gonna pay so
much money keeping that that reserve
stocked because a pride of lions goes
through you know crazy amounts of meat
every single day every other day so they
will decimate they'll go through a whole
heart of buffalo well that was an issue
after the dentist the dentist shot that
lion with a name yeah remember that last
season it's he so and then do you know
that they were worried that Cecil's
brother Jericho was killed but no
worries it was a line that didn't have a
name so we're being serious about that
living serious there was a real concern
that Cecil's brother Jericho had also
been killed it turned out not to be true
like it's the real Lion King anyway when
when they killed that lion when that
dentist killed that lyin
well they then after that had this this
thing this international outcry nobody
wanted to go there and hunt lions cuz
they didn't want to be the next guy that
gets targeted but like that dentist so
because of that they had a slaughter a
large number of lions I'm sure finally
all the do people who don't have any
idea what it is to sustain it's just the
number was crazy was something like I
remember was 50 or 500 yeah but it's
like they had to kill them and instead
of getting $50,000 per lion like they're
accustomed to getting when people
because they have all these lines the
lions are decimated the undulate
population of course is no one was
killing the Lions anymore it's like
elephants so now with elephants you
can't move a one like a member of the
herd or two members who elephants have
to be moved as a herd otherwise they go
nuts right so there
they're the females rule the roost but
you can't just take like three elephants
from that herd and then move them over
to the game you gotta take them all
otherwise they really get fucked up yeah
they love each other they love each
other
yeah but then also when you call
elephants which you have to do in Kruger
National Park and things like that
well then because they get too
destructive they just get too many of
them and they just wait lay waste to the
vegetation it just becomes the imbalance
so the problem is that they're like you
can't shoot them from helicopters
anymore obscure because you know that's
and they would kill the whole herd
because you can't just kill a couple
right because they go nuts and then I
can't do anything with the ivory because
ivory trade is illegal correct so then
they store that so then you make you
jack up the price of ivory which they do
the same thing with rhino horn but but
so what now they try to do is they try
to sterilize the females right they'll
try to oh good luck with that that's a
lot of fun yeah that's really difficult
to do as well you know they're trying to
do that in the Hamptons they're trying
to do that with deer they're trying to
give the female deer birth control just
talk and shoot dead loads into them yeah
go ahead and shoot the deer oh well
that's what they should do yeah yeah I
mean but they didn't they decided for
whatever goofy reason that what they
were gonna do is try to give them birth
control and they were gonna spend
countless amounts of dollars to get
birth control into deer like how are you
gonna cat what are you gonna do you know
how many there are
I quit apparently it's they're infested
out there well after watching Tiger King
what is your take on keeping Tigers as
pets it's ridiculous first of all I only
watched one half of one episode I had a
pause
I had a pause Jamie and I were getting
nad IV drips which is pretty fucking
amazing
what does nad that's the stuff that
David Sinclair was talking about well
let's get it dry on the O'Brien might be
a little cheap it's expensive yeah yeah
Costco pretty penny I want to live
forever okay what what are you after
words okay I don't know I've done too
and I feel pretty good you feel any
different Jamie pretty good around
inside yeah but it feels like the second
one really took it over the top what
does it do you want I have more energy I
feel like really vibrant
I feel great but well this is hard to
tell yeah what does that mean I don't
know I'm sleeping eight hours a day I'm
staying at home with my family Road you
know I mean it's like how much sure this
is it but apparently scientifically it's
provable right lengthens your telomeres
actually decreases your biological age
wow it's been proven David Sinclair said
that nad HGH and there was one other
DHEA those three things in combination
have referred you to reverse your
biological yeah crazy
so we're try this shit's going down I
want to keep my immune system at fuckin
tip-top Magoo as Joey Diaz would say
[Laughter]
ever but it's just one of those things
where there's you know there's a few
different scientific advances that they
can absolutely show that will decrease
your biological age and show that
there's an increase in your vitality
your ability to recover all these
different things yeah so I'm getting
them all well then the tiger came back
to that but yeah you know you had 227
Tigers as pets they live in a fucking
cage yeah and and and then he had chimps
chimps should never be kept an
occasional anybody says yeah I said
certain things I just don't think should
be if you're if it's a professional zoo
like San Diego and they haven't at
great minutes disturb but at least kids
get to see them it educates you know the
general population but when you've got
10,000 Tigers as pets you know I don't
know my bit from triggered from 2016
I loved your old original tiger tiger
quit his bits ever I know you didn't
make the argument for two tigers fucking
was one of the greatest bits ever you
should do it you shouldn't do that
fucking bed dude it's on I don't think
that that is crazy you should do that
bit you should revive that bit and you
should you should tape it and you should
put it out there it's let me say it
again I've been I know comedy doing this
long time it is top three bits of all
time that's very nice of you but it's um
I think it's might be on an audio
record God it was my it was the first
time I saw I'm gonna be dead someday if
that bit gets destroyed in the audio
you've got to see them fucking visual
you have to see the visual dude when
you're making the noises that was the
first bit that I ever did where I
realize like you have to kind of become
the thing yeah like you got to become
the thing like I would make noise as I
try to be me still but then I realized
oh I just got to become like a tiger
fucking that's what I love about certain
bits like for me I I do this thing about
having an abusive father who was a piano
teacher don't ask and I talk about his
mustache mustache would belong the
bristles was so thick they belonged on
the back of a boar never a man's nose
and I go in this whole character and I
love to lose myself into that character
or when I do that that English that
English supervillain yes like I just
fucking like it's so fun to get lost in
that character because you could think
like that person like that must be the
appeal of like a guy like a Daniel
day-lewis or of course you know someone
who can really encapsulate em you know
they do something where they become that
yeah they become that yeah yeah they're
not you know and some people never do
that they're just always acting like oh
here's that guy acting in a movie I know
who he is
yeah they're he's acting and then some
people just become Jeffrey Tambor who's
one bunch of enemies for you know trans
paranoia he said that he for him it was
about shoes he'd have to figure out what
kind of shoes like he'd have to feel it
first in his feet which makes sense Wow
like when you wear sneakers
and or you wear leather soles shoes you
feel different you're not a secure and
leather sole shoes you you won't have to
become more formal when your toes are
pushed together you know when you're
constrained like that it's a weird thing
to think but it does change you yeah you
can't even move good now sold shoes
they're slippery correct so that's what
you see people I can tell a lot about
somebody by their Footwear if there were
in sandals typically I can tell you what
their political those are those are
those are dad sneakers I don't give a
fuck
game over and I do what I want so rubies
are know jack-shit no I like trail run
what they are what are they their trail
run these are Solomon's they're
excellent should speed cross I know all
about them examples are these yeah well
we were gonna go hunting with Rinella I
know all about the subtraction they're
awesome
it says tread yeah so if you're gonna go
up like slippery terrain this gives you
grip I'm all wrong trails bro but I'll
see you're like I don't care and I'll
just wear this is that also there's no
shoelaces correct so I go like this I
sent some time yep they're gonna put it
in here very easy I tuck it in there
yeah you know we go to the airport
really easy with these on - you know
who's never getting caught with us you
know who's never getting down
nope I'll do it I don't give a fuck
where these are were trucks yeah but
when I if I'm doing anything in dirt
they're like a middle ground between
wearing a boot yeah you know like if
you're a great eye where I'm hunting
sometimes yeah those are I looked at
those found yeah a lot of guys in elk
hunting in particular because you're so
mobile you're constantly chasing these
massive herds and you're moving around
and going through you have to come
hunting yeah never been I'm I need the
meat burping to me
well I plenty of meat for you I have the
meat for you listen you've seen me shoot
you see me how my targets not that that
hours ago yeah just a couple hours ago
you shouldn't like you were born for it
not only that I go get down that's how
you notice how I said that
oh yeah part of your plugs in though oh
I was on radio get down also you have a
you say things in a in a way that only
people around you can hear that's true
you don't you have the right amount of
projection so the enemy never hears I
speak cryptically Eddie stuff any
Stanford I did as a podcast and he had
me he want to see what kind of a
tactical asshole I am
watch it you know filling a shirt oh
yeah great podcast I love him the best
the best and he had me like look at like
different movie scenes and break down
what was wrong I was wrong off I was
completely wrong about everything
I thought I thought that when you shot a
gun with a suppressor it was like that's
pretty loud pretty that you've never
shot a gun with a suppressor I have
actually in Utah but it's LA I was
wearing the earphones
so I couldn't but it's nothing like like
a rifle no like when we were hunting in
Prince of Wales I had that gun with a
muzzle break so loud yeah it's a seven
millimeter remington ultramatic
it's very loud now that's so loud
outside a can her they say if you they
say if you're too close to that you can
damage your ears permanent one hundred
percent yeah my one of my friends there
was a guy who shot near him shot too
close to his ear some he was at he's a
guide and this guy apparently like went
to swing like the the animal was close
by like he's here the animals close by
or something something happened was shot
really close to his head and blew his
ears out now he only has hearing it's
Pam yes we're hearing aids cuz your your
that rifle that trigger is so sensitive
mm-hmm yeah the idea is they don't want
you pulling hard but different people
have different theories on that it's the
same with archery with archery some
people like a very sensitive trigger and
some people like a trigger that's very
hard to pull so that you you can't just
jerk on it because you have to pull pull
pull pull bang and then it goes off you
know like when you when you shoot
archery it's very interesting but you
would think like say if you have like a
wrist strap with a trigger on it you
would think that when you draw back you
go like that yeah but you - you would
use your finger to hit the trigger but I
actually don't some people do some
people actually can do and shoot it like
cam Haynes does it that way shoots very
well that way but campaigns is a
psychopath he's a different human being
most people there's something about that
thing that starts a flinch and
anticipation flinch it doesn't with him
but some people they get a thing called
target panic so to get away from target
panic what they do is instead of pulling
the trigger you wrap your finger around
the trigger and the trigger stiff uke
and then you use your back muscles so
then then you aim and you go like this
you just pull with your back muscles and
it goes off without without you even
moving your finger huh
so once I would hook my finger on it my
fingers in place and then I'm just
pulling in a pot it goes off oh that's
nice yeah is it it's a crossbow does
have more range crossbow is basically a
shitty gun it is just get a gun
yeah what are you doing you're not an
archer no what are you doing you got a
shitty gun too shitty gun do you think
you need Walking Dead personally yes
listen that that whole Walking Dead
thing is so fraught with peril first of
all how come there's no pass-throughs
you're shooting into these mushy zombie
heads it goes right in there why does it
blow out the other side yeah it would
wouldn't it fuck yeah would blow through
an elk really yes she's one percent
those things are going fucking 500 feet
aside which is why I told any stump he
should they should the Special Forces
should have a crossbow division they
should not they should not but also
these doesn't even have real tips those
crossbows they're using field tips it's
basically a pencil point it's like
poking you and making a hole in you it's
not gonna kill you oh it's what I mean
crossbows not gonna kill you with those
tips on it it's a little hole it would
make a little pencil hole that'll go
through you and your body would seal up
the wound is that true yes
so you could shoot me with a crossbow
with one of those arrows you'd be fucked
up yeah but you would live huh but if I
shot you in my heart yeah yeah that
would probably kill you but like one of
your lungs would probably live but if
you shot someone with a crossbow that
had a real broad head on it broad head
would slice you wide open like a samurai
sword right through your whole body
that's what it's like so easy to kill
why are human being so easy to kill well
because we're smart we have nuclear
weapons true that's how nature balances
it out right Turtles are stupid as fuck
that's why they have that awesome cage
over their whole body it's true it's
true
look there's a balance to things you
know that's and we respect that balance
and we also we want that balance to
exist in everything that's why if we see
a hot girl we wanted to be stupid
correct
that's why correct people get caught
with their pants down when you think a
hot girl was stupid and she turns out to
be very intelligent perhaps more
intelligent than you well weird -
speaking of that when I saw that we met
the director of John wick today yes and
he's a handsome athletic look and fella
he's a good-looking guy he doesn't look
like a director he used to be a stunt
man he was a kickboxer and a Muay Thai
guy but he's he used to be Keanu Reeves
stunt double I guess yeah but I looked
at him and I was like well this dude
looks like a stud he's kind of like a
silvery fox he's getting older like my
are age
but I thought to myself guy looks like a
real athlete it must be a you know you
definitely fit meanwhile a fucking a big
director yeah and he comes there and
shoots all the time all the time you
said yeah they dead twice a week
dude it's such a great thing to have and
it's also really fun it's like you're
just shooting metal targets and
everything like that's but it's it's fun
it's there's something it's the same
thing with archery it's the same thing
with a lot of stuff that you have to
focus on you focus and then you execute
and if you do it properly there's like
sort of the meditative aspect to it
which sounds crazy to say that shooting
guns with earplugs on a very matter
section it's very yeah it because
because it's like anything else I like
getting comfortable and familiar with
things that scare me yes I like getting
comfortable and familiar with violence I
actually do what I mean yeah because
whether it's hunting whether it's boxing
whether it's jiu-jitsu but I like I like
working at those things and putting
myself in uncomfortable positions that
because when you go to a shooting range
like it's your first time like with me
with that kind of tactical thing it's
always gonna be a little uncomfortable
because you're the new guy you don't
know what the fuck you're doing you
don't know how to unload a magazine it's
it's just gonna be mechanical and print
and and there's gonna be a process but
there's something about being in this
strange location with that those loud
know that you can become very familiar
with and pretty soon you get good at
that shit and now you're now you're
actually you don't look like a complete
idiot at least you can kind of like
start to you know be familiar with that
language yeah I think that's and
personally for me I think that shit's
important well it's it's important to
it'll definitely make you less scared
mm-hmm there's one of the weirdest
things that's watching an altercation
break out and then watching men get
scared like men who don't know how to
defend themselves or men that are not
used to being around violence getting
scared that's right yeah and and that's
gonna happen it's exactly like getting
punched in the face if you're not boxing
and getting hit well I promise you I
don't care who you are when you get hit
you usually get jabbed what you're gonna
do is you're gonna look down and you're
gonna bring your hands to your face
that's what you're gonna do you're gonna
go oh shit
I'm gonna do this or that and then
you're a dude then you're yeah and it's
not until you really practice whatever
it is that you can
and kind of you know I'm not saying I'm
there but that's your at least less apt
to let's likely put yourself in a
position of danger exactly like what
jujitsu right once when you grab
somebody what do they do like I'll grab
grab boxers have never had any wrestling
great boxers a banana they they turn
they turn their back or like I was
showing my friend he's a great boxer I
was showing about vulnerably is with
even an idiot like me grabs him grabbed
him took him to the ground and I wrapped
I put a potty Locker on his body and
what did he do he we stand for my ankles
I just want you to see what happens it
was it was anybody would do that yeah so
well I think it's good just to learn
because it's difficult and because it
tests you emotionally and physically
yeah and and even the shooting stuff
does especially because we're around
these guys who are you know Terrence a
real world-class competitive shooter and
he's showing us his stuff and then we go
to do it it looks so awkward and goofy
like when you put yourself in a
situation where you suck at something
it's really good for you it's good to
suck at things and try to get better at
them it's anything and whatever it is
whether it's learning how to play chess
whether it's whatever it is learning how
to do something you learn how to play
tennis whatever the fuck it is when you
learn how to do something you suck at it
at first and you have to concentrate on
getting better that thing of getting
better translates to other aspects of
your life and it's a skill getting
better at stuff as a skill it doesn't
mean that because you're the mindset
yeah but it doesn't mean that because
you're good at archery you'll be good at
learning how to play the piano but if
you can get good at learning how to play
the piano you can get good at archery
yes because it's there's a thing in
there of learning how to learn well
that's that's so learning how to learn a
lot of times it is as simple as once you
learn how to do one thing well like I
said that's why one thing informs the
other I think what happens is if you're
in a new situation like we were today
you get better at least I'm better at
getting out of my own way yeah you get
better at not overthinking you get
better at relaxing it's the same a lot
of times it's the same body position
it's the same weight distribution
sometimes it's it's very similar like a
lot of these things have their similar
language but mainly they're also a
similar mindset you just put yourself in
that softer
that softer beginner's mind that idea of
kind of like you know just just don't
just open up open your mind and just
just let it come to you well it's also
accepting that you don't know things a
lot of men in particular are really bad
at learning stuff because they always
they want to think that they know
already so even when you tell them stuff
they want to think they know yeah I got
it I got it
problem said well because men are
natural problem solvers I have a joke
about that where I say I don't know
anything about cars nothing but if
there's a woman on the side of the road
with her hood up looking at her engine
I'll make suggestions and it's it's
trend I've done that like I'll be like
well check the spark plug yeah I don't
well today with engines you good luck no
one knows what's going on in there you
ever see what it looks like when they
open up a brand new night like nine
ninety-two of 2020 Porsche no the hood
pull up opening up the hood on a 2020
Porsche it's the most ridiculous thing
ever really you have no idea what
anything is ya know even someone like
you knows a lot of no idea what's in
there I have no idea you get you get
this much of a view why the ended oh
yeah the view into when you open up the
back here's a rear-engine car a Porsche
it was most probably the most
sophisticated technologically advanced
cars ever built right because they've
been refining the design since the 1960s
pop up the rear trunk and look inside at
the engine or it's not trunk it's the
hood whatever look inside of the engine
you don't know what the fuck that is
it's two fans you see two fans that's we
see see two fans she's yeah what's
what's going on there I don't know I
better take it to a place with computers
well you need software right you need
software to tune it up yeah you have to
it's literally you have to they have to
plug a machine into it with which
analyzes the system and then the
machines your hands
this is fucks and that's fucked and this
is falling apart when are they going to
do that with people yeah soon really
yeah you have inside info well here's
the problem once the first guy gets his
legs cut off and gets awesome new legs
put on then we're gonna have a real
problem
people are gonna take care lights off Oh
jokin better legs I can't wait so I get
the call when you're 80 I've got new
legs dude what
get him cut off I'm gonna bow you know
me I'll be like I don't know Joe pull
the science is new and you can fuck off
like a turkey leg pop got his pull him
off and put some new ones on there well
I mean we were talking about this guy do
you see any photos of it it's 992
Porsche 992 is the 2020 model if 992
Porsha under the hood was all right
whatja Tang a Porsche
you should really please I've been
trying not begging you from here I
deserve I a real car yes I mean I have a
Tesla that's a real car yeah that's a
great car to say I love that could you
still drive your love it yes right here
yeah drive it all zone great car it's
the fastest thing I've ever driven by
far I have a bunch of sports cars to
make a lot of noises but they're like
they like guys who put like fucking
headbands on and weight weight lifting
belt is some girl who's a crossfitter
goes right next to you and deadlifts
twice the weight that's what the that's
what the Tesla is it's it's soft and
subtle and twice as fast I love that I
love your Land Cruiser
oh yeah yeah it's also drive really well
oh yeah no problems it's got a
supercharged Corvette engine in oh okay
that's yeah that's a side section of the
car yeah see that's different because
that's actually they cut the car in half
so that you can look into it I think
that's actually even an artist rendering
it's okay Jamie we're never gonna find
it be oh that's far left right there red
red the red far left left right there
that's it that's it that's it that's it
that's the view go large with that what
if you open up the trunk that's what you
see come on
yep that's that looks like speaker you
see under the hood that's what you see
what happened there so forget it so
forget it that's it so your wrenches are
no good here so imagine a girl pulls
over I'm gonna ninety-two and she's
wearing cutoff jean shorts yeah bangin
booty
yeah squat bootie yeah I'm saying yeah
and she's looking over and you
I've got a helper let me help you I'm
Jessica what seems to be the trouble you
your captain never distracted my name is
Brad Pitt so if you pull over and look
at that you don't know not a fucking
human being has any idea what glad I'd
say I've got the software back at my
place you should get one of those though
nice career s oh my god it's a marvelous
car really oh yeah super calm and quiet
they go over bumps like nothing but yet
when you hit the except like like they
have such a supple suspension that the
suspension can it's so it adjusts to
matter what you're driving over
especially when you're in comfort mode
expensive yes it's a fucking Porsche
Jesus right yes kind of question is that
at least 100 grand
yes yeah you need one I do right you do
you're a bad influence you know I'm a
good influence look we've been doing
this forever we have been doing it
forever
now now imagine if you just listen to me
yeah all those times ago you'd still be
fine but you would have heard this
history of having amazing cars
I would instead you had a fucking red
Prius yeah forever it's the red Ram well
the red rain have though or remember
that Bronco that yeah not bad no it's
pretty dope was 70 Bronco yeah gave me
nothing 971 Bronco with a 350 Windsor or
something like that yeah caused me
nothing but problems you know why
because it's a piece of shit if you got
a really good one was a cool looking car
when you came to my house it was like I
love you yeah you're finally getting it
I know I'm like finally you're getting
every time I try to be different though
it's just never you know you just never
driven a Porsche if you drove if you
drove and C don't want one like sobs
sobs got a gt2 RS he says it's too loud
it hits bumps too loud it's like it's
his number one car oh yeah just Pratt
who drives that car as their number one
car like goes he's out of his mind this
psycho I know but it fits him I know
it's perfect for him it's flashy it's
blue and black it's amazing the best
like that that you don't want that
collar that's gross I don't like that
color colors disgusting get us pull up
us there's that's that Doug de Muro guy
he's a nice car that guy's a great
analyst of automobiles like look at that
black listen this car is a marvelous car
yeah but you know I need time so well I
need something for the next pandemic I
need something to get I got a I want to
get an Airstream you want a Land Cruiser
like mine yeah but I need I need
something I can kind of live in - I'm
gonna get a call an Airstream living you
want something you can get away from
everybody that's right you can't get
away in an Airstream gonna leave that
thing there and then it becomes a
liability that's true
you want something you get over land in
Sun over land over land in it's a good
idea it's the whole thing they do over
Landers my land cruiser that was built
by Ike on the rear seat comes out so the
rear seat has these these they made it
for me so this is you just pull these
levers click click pull the rear seat
out you could sleep in that motherfucker
if you had to expensive cost money yeah
that's cost money that's gonna hire
artisans and craftsmen and yeah and
geniuses to design things and build
things for you cost money maybe just
right away - right don't you want to get
paid - yeah they do as well yeah you
gotta pay them maybe a regular Land
Cruiser
regular Land Cruisers are great I'm
cheap when it comes to cars what is that
oh that looks like a Dodge Ram or a Ford
f-150 what is like what is that what's
that thing it's dragging behind it well
that's where all your shit is yeah you
sleep in that I have these rooftop tents
that's one lows you climb in the roof
top 10 let me see that let me see the
one but I want to see that one well I
need I need protection you want the one
to the left of your cursor the gray
looking thing right to the left Yeah
right there you just out yeah that's
that's what you look at that it looks oh
man oh that's fucking that's a it looks
like a Ford f-350 that's what I'm taking
up a lot of gas so it's diesel nothing
probably drives pretty it probably is a
huge tank
what are those three things is that
three gas tanks it might be it might
have three gas tanks I'm a fan yeah look
at that thing I'm a fan I carry extra
gas well we have to think differently
now right
I guess now press that button let's see
what this thing look at it driving over
fucking mountains and shit look at it so
manly yeah you keep water in there you
could fucking cook food in that fucking
I got my weaponry I got my hunting I got
everything he's good he's got oh my god
he's bouncing over rocks with that thing
he's got rock sliders on that big
that's a pig of a being truck while
you're doing that I know imagine trying
to sleep that's good though why are you
driving over the mountain I like that a
lot
yeah those are great but you could the
Lincoln van there's a company called
look up this company u-joint off-road
you yeah I think that's what it's called
u-joint off-road and what they do is
they take a van like a regular van and
they turn it he has an Instagram page
it's pretty cool they take a regular
vent like a cargo van yeah and turn into
like the ultimate 4x4 vehicle they take
out all the bullshit take out all the
axles and the engines redo everything
and put like super beefy off-road
suspension off-road like live rear and
front axles you have that show you that
BAM motherfucker drive to the moon in
that bitch yep so that's something that
normally would be like something that
Amazon delivers your toothpaste uh-huh
it's big enough to sleep in yeah for
sure
look at that they did one with a school
bus they redid a school bus I need you
gotta have water you got a lot you got a
lot of there's a lot of shit I've been
obsessing now my friend Sam so halt he's
a photographer and he films does a lot
of outdoor filming and stuff he I've
known him for years
he did a school bus he purchased a
school bus go to Sam so halts Instagram
page he probably has a blog about the
school bus because I mean it's an
extensive build he did it for years and
he took his school bus a regular school
bus turned it into this ultimate outdoor
travel vehicle that can sleep like 10
people so he has cots in it and oh it's
amazing it's um it's a labor of love you
know you and I spoke about getting some
land we've done this a while back we
were talking about this widow with a
here's the thing I didn't think of it
you thought of it was very smart
you get land with a large pond slash
Lake on it yes so you can fish so you
got access to protein no matter what
right then you have a garden you got it
you got to be able to grow you need a
well I got to irrigate I need a well I
got to have my own source of water there
Sam's thing so look how the side pulls
out that's fucking turns into a wall
tent that's crazy
the side turns into a fucking wall tent
look at that shit that's amazing dude
it's so dope and he brings that thing up
into the backcountry that's great yeah
it's amazing
promises a giant bus I need something a
little bit more minutia you don't want
that no Sam's crazy but it'd mean it's
awesome what about the Swiss card what
does it call the Fisker that's a lecture
car what are you talking about what is
that now you're back in Venice drinking
cappuccino fucking expensive machine no
hold on I need we have to go look at
land dude where do we do it though um
Colorado or Utah not California anywhere
no you wanna get out of here this place
slides too many fucking fires not just
fires anything can happen here
look we're dealing right now with this
pandemic the entire country is dealing
with a tack on a natural disaster and
then you're really fucked you're really
far for real for real I know yeah this
is a tricky place California's tricky
because it works when it works it's
great but it's kind of like playing
musical chairs like you know that
fucking music is gonna stop and
everyone's gonna have to sit down yeah
like is there a chair for me yeah look
am I stuck here right it's a musical
chairs might be a bad analogy but the
reality is this is unsustainable and
we're basing all of this on a model that
really throughout human history has only
been temporary and that means a model of
peace and prosperity and independence on
a level a technological independence I
mean Jesus Christ and we're counting on
the grid counting on so many factors
that have never been permanent
throughout human history right they
haven't existed right the grid didn't
even exist until the 20th century right
so in the 20th century in the time that
you know people who are alive today
almost we're alive
the whole world is shifted and now
everybody lives in these electrified
cities and sewage all goes through this
thing and everything go them in the
ocean and oh you're counting on so many
peeps so many dude but on the other hand
there's so many pros to that there are
but I would just like please a place I
can get the fuck out of and just have
like I just want to be I don't wanna be
a sitting duck my biggest fear is being
vulnerable
well you remember when I moved to
Boulder in 2008 yes but and the reason
why I moved is I don't like this I don't
like this traffic and when my daughter
was born - I was thinking you know what
this is a good time to start fresh
let's just go we're somewhere where it's
quieter and more people but ultimately
that didn't work out because of altitude
when my wife was pregnant with the
second baby it's like goddamn like
altitude wrecks women when when they're
pregnant and we were really high we're
at 8,500 feet above sea level but now I
have other friends are saying hey we
need to get the fuck out of here Tom
Segura was saying we need to get the
fuck out of here Joey Diaz was saying
where we going I was like you tell me
where we're going I'm going
I'll go right he's like let's go to
Montana let's go to fucking Billings
Montana war but up economise Billings I
like Billings - we were in Billings yeah
yeah when we we hunted the Missouri
Breaks
we could create it we could literally
start a comedy club somewhere great oh
yeah we could like Boise doesn't have a
comedy club from what I understand oh no
boys all right so Coeur d'Alene I don't
know we could for sure do a comedy club
somewhere or move to a place like salt
lake that has comedy clubs and a hundred
thousand fucking people or whatever they
have out there but the idea of staying
here it just seems so silly it seems so
silly yeah especially well you're still
in show business you're still sucking on
the tit
yes devil yes I am you've got the
devil's nipple in your mouth you still
going the red carpet yeah I've also got
the fire in kid we're not getting
shopped and move anywhere cuz I shall be
like you pussies he says that Oh would
take is one more of these things yeah
you made a shot would be like yeah
Denver's not bad yeah you could live in
evergreen you're 30 minutes from Denver
yeah yeah about that well do that every
would you said ice fog or just pull up
evergreen I got it I got my kids people
in Evergreen right now angry at me shut
up you're gonna fuckin wreck evergreen
evergreen it's beautiful family it's 30
minutes from Denver and it's beautiful
mountain town here I got some people
9,000 people
9,500 all our friends yeah imagine but
what a funny club in Denver Green a
great idea just get Wendy involved Wendy
from the comedy works that's what it
looks lovely
bro it's gorgeous it's got a beautiful
historically that that's what I'm
talking about burn Kalin dude woods
don't elk herds wander through town come
on whack one of them you eat it for six
months and I want to I want to German
Shepherds work you think Adams look at
that go pull that fucking historic
downtown evergreen that's the lake
I've been did that before there's a lake
and people go ice skating on the lake do
you know guys yeah Matt Stone and Trey
Parker they're from Evergreen that's
what South Park is based on it's part of
its based on that's why there's always
snow in South Park it's based on
Evergreen Colorado those guys are from
there it's gorgeous I'm gonna get them
addy if you keep talking sorry
there's other places in Colorado but
there's other places in Utah Park City's
amazing I love Park City these
grandparents gorgeous it's good move
great restaurants beautiful scenery you
still you're still dependent on the grid
and there's not enough water I don't
trust it well there is actually get some
water doesn't trust we'd be fine we can
some milk yes this way but I need
fucking rice and oatmeal I need I need
some start rice me I need some yams
why do you need rice and oatmeal because
I know you can grow your hams uh-huh
you can grow those things yeah you need
a lot of water they grow in the ground
yeah but there's not a drought in Utah
it's not like it's a fucking I mean
there's a reason why there's so much
snow Brian that's precipitation wait you
can melt snow cave rows but I mean it's
coming down right it snows well guess
what it also rains that's yeah you can
grow things there I'm gonna see all
those trees yeah they use water yeah
whenever you see a lot of woods assume
there's water yeah probably right yeah
what a match crazy fish do some look at
that game look how pretty sass where's
that Jamie giant lake god it's so
beautiful Lake I need a lake for water
does that Colorado oh my god that's an
evergreen dude I wanna go off the land
liveability click on that what does it
say about livability don't come here ass
fucks ever in Colorado what you need to
know
here goes looking to move to Evergreen
we've got everything you want to know
about the key factors that can make it
the best place for you including
Evergreen Colorado real estate let's
start with the basics Evergreen Colorado
is located in Jefferson County has a
population of eight thousand six hundred
and eighty-eight people that's that's a
that's a show that's one show and a
good-sized theater so true yeah that's
one show that's not even a sold-out
arena oh my god we have a cool graph
below that shows the city's ethnic
diversity
none oh I'll check that graph right now
zero it's all white people there's one
black guy and they walk them watch them
closely
what kind of ethnic diversity let me see
the graph for green let me see their
graph let me see the graph about the
diversity this is a graph they hide the
graph looked slightly cuz it has a lot
of thrown away Tonga and Samoa in there
oh yeah
Salt Lake you saw my aunt Salt Lake the
city surprisingly diverse I have a
friend who moved their median household
income 79 grand nice 389 grand for a
house nice population eight thousand six
so it doesn't have a diversity graph
they probably ditched that one things
like hey delete that Oh was it say okay
says ages does it say ethnicity white
97.5%
1.4 percent Asian there's one black
person do 0.1% ethnicity other other it
doesn't even say black it says other
african-americans one of those prominent
races in this country yeah and there
it's other it sounds like man okay go
back to that stop scrolling look at that
that's crazy yeah 97.5 percent white
dude 30 minutes to denver huh yeah 30
minutes to Denver
I want to go gorgeous everybody you will
get snowed in bro you will oh yeah is it
high elevation oh the elevation 8,000
feet that's a little high it's high as
fuck and you're gonna get snowed in it's
not just no didn't but like several feet
snow a little problem like gee ain't
going nowhere bitch a problem is it
really don't you just get a snow blower
like a goddamn man well put on a like
get out like a beaver hat get one Ella
to make you a beer ass one of them real
hats yes like doesn't mountain man type
out I want a coyote full-length coyote
yeah I know it's mean I never as I cut
too much like dogs they are not a coyote
jacket yes I mean I know it's cruel and
I and I don't want to kill coyotes but
they are very plentiful these idiots are
thinking about moving wolves into
Colorado it's not right
didn't didn't know moving wolves into
Yellowstone increase the population of
everything no no is that a lie no I
watch that video
oh yeah the wolves changed rivers yes
yeah a lot of the factors okay that that
guy didn't take into consideration in
terms of moving rivers one of the things
was beavers they imported beavers into
Yellowstone there's many many factors
okay but they did reduce the undulate
population which you could say was out
of proportion
what's an Angela Angela does cows elk
cows yeah yeah the animals that you hunt
in here now and guess who else on some
wolves bitch yeah so it changed the way
the elk behaved it reduced the
population pretty substantially but
there's still a healthy population of
elk in Montana and there's a healthy
population of wolves and they actually
hunt wolves now they hunt wolves in the
lot Idaho they hunt a lot of wolves in
some places they're trying to resist the
hunting of wolves but you got to kind of
keep a balance and if you're gonna bring
predators you got to realize why they
killed them all in the first place they
killed them all in the first place
because ranchers we're losing all the
crops or all their cattle that rather
the guy loves wolves look you can see I
have pictures of wolves all over my wall
out there I'm a huge fan of wolves but
you can't raise I also am a big fan of
wildlife biologists and the wildlife
biologists that understand balance the
real ones not the ones that are animal
activists that only want animals to live
and they only want everybody tofu though
the ones that understand that this is
there's a balance from predators and
prey and we missed that balance you know
that's why there's no mountain lion
hunting in California and people say
well that's a good thing sort of but
mountain lions are still getting killed
in California
what we don't understand mountain lions
get killed by state and federal agents
who have to kill mountain lions because
mountain lions are killing either
people's dogs or cats or livestock or I
didn't know it all the time
they kill the same amount of mountain
lions they would if they had tags really
yes but the difference is the money
doesn't go to the state but everybody
feels good
and the government feels warm and cuddly
because it because somebody with a
uniform is doing it they're doing it on
the sneak tip instead of like some guy
posing on Instagram like hugging you
ever see the way they pose with mountain
lions kind of fucked up that yeah they
hold them up in the air wolves yeah let
you know how big they are fucking well
you know what a man they are they shot
this mountain lions delicious by the way
it is according to everybody I know tell
me it's pretty tough no no no no
somebody said he said it's superb
there's just words said superb he goes
it's as like a superior pork no yes but
they they are they eat they're
carnivores yeah and supposedly delicious
I can't think of any other animal we eat
do we eat any animals that are total
converse alligator yes alligators
delicious fish yeah Fisher 100%
carnivores but do not really know it's a
thing but but what else do it what else
animal wise you don't need any birds
that are carnivores but birds will eat
that is interesting right yeah like we
don't eat Eagles well in the Old
Testament and if you're a kosher Jew or
if you're Islamic if you're Muslim
you're not you're not to eat things like
eagles osprey but there was a very good
scientific reason for that because you
would get different pathogens exercise
yes yeah oh for sure yeah anything that
eats you want things that have animal
the chickens eat they live on meal warm
and they'll eat all kinds of shit that's
true but you're also supposed to cook
chicken past 145 degrees yeah because
you're killing off parasites yes and
Salmonella and all kinds other shit
right you know people who eat raw
chicken you gotta be out of your fucking
mind eat raw chicken stalks you know a
horse will eat a chicken sometimes
uh-huh there's a video of it whoa I know
see how Z Birds I know did you have a
horse eating a fucking check thank you
and not if we're doing this and man deer
deer will eat ax
oh I see a lot of deer eating birds
Howie person yeah I need that protein
yeah they would say that they used to
birds yeah they set up this net I don't
think they were studying birds it's a
humane way to catch them to get captured
in this net and they can release them
from the net gently and then they could
set them free
uh-uh deer would just find them in the
net and eat them goddamn yeah they just
pluck them around and no interesting
cattle too they know the net were the
net was like Oh wonderful no no chase
these birds
choo-choo-choo yeah Oh cow eating a
chicken play that it's a horse eating
one okay oh he's feeding I'm not I'm
just saying almost looks like it really
well yeah he's filming it horses don't
fuck around my oh it's a little baby
chick yeah look he's chasing that chick
down bitch Champa Champa Champa yeah
they just funny protein yeah my I need
that quick I used to have a pitbull
patties patties pitbull Chauncy badass
oh love that dog a great dog and like an
alligator like jaws on fucking just with
feet there's a cow eating the chicken
guy yes Christ chewing it apart oh my
goodness she got in here a big horse a
Clydesdale that horse put his head down
and ran straight at that fucking dog and
she was like oh fuck yeah the size of a
Clydesdale he was like get the fuck out
of my Corral what do you do
he literally stopped me went really put
his head down and went and came right
out you was gonna die she just dodged
out of the way she could have there's a
horrible video of this guy is what is it
called
when you got a bunch of dogs pulling
yous it called mushing I am mushing I
did ride whooshing whooshing whooshing
amazing mush do you mush it you mush I
must personally okay so this guy it's
really sad this guy is getting pulled by
these dogs and this moose runs in front
of him and just starts stomping his dogs
what yeah it's terrible it's terrible
nothing to do about it
there's no so this is not it this is not
it but I'm sure this is probably a
similar result you know the other one
was a cow moose he's either a cow moose
or maybe she's that one well
well they will fuck up dogs loose attack
sled dog team yeah that's not it it's a
recent one but it's it's real anyway
it was real sad I saw it on his shield a
bunch of dogs he killed a couple of them
one of them they had to put down after
the fact because it broke its back damn
yeah I mean I'm not moose is an 1800
pound animal not hearing a peep out of a
pack of dogs
pack it dog that's like you get in a
fight with a hamster yeah just get the
fucking yep moose are so big man Kyle
cheetah pull him down though cheetah
grab your balls and eat your balls first
whoa hamstring you know they do that
wolves do Lions Lions do that lions will
do that with water buffalo they don't
detect the lip oh yeah they'll eat your
balls so take your bags you start to
bleed out I'll take your balls please
how come your balls bow-wow yeah it's a
stupid design right yeah just pull it up
inside like a turtle tanks they're just
tanks but sometimes they get tired yeah
if you go hunting you should have a
steel cup like tied like a tied cup yes
one that goes through the butt like a
g-string I do any discipline they say
wolf wants to try to bite your balls he
gets a mouthful of metal my time I take
down on my leg with a with a hemp rope
just to keep me honest I am yeah keep me
honest and also organic
yeah Brown what are you doing tie my
dick down with a coarse hemp rope why
keeps me honest yeah like you know those
those like side holsters that people
have sometimes where they have a strap
on their thigh yep because they have a
long gun they want to keep it from
flopping up against their thoughts sure
do as you do with the hog that's right
sometimes I sprint with a hard-on you
ever try that naked I've never run with
a hard-on I mean either it's amazing all
these years never hammer the heart huh I
wonder how long you dick would stay hard
if you were in a full gallop it's a good
question it's a very good question I'd
be a great gun test right if like
someone broke into your house and you're
in the middle of sex and you're angry
but you kept your would cuz you aren't
scared
just get your dick super hard and just
go run just take a like a hair tie and
just just rubberband it to the bottom
got to do that just keep the blood flow
kind of tired piece down oh yeah you tie
off at the end oh yeah yeah look at cock
ring that's right and then just go
running after him we lose a cock ring
with a big ol hard-on it has a cock ring
oh that's one of those things like if
you have
what's wrong with you don't say that
because you'll get up you're gonna get
50 emails of people with alligator cock
rings and all initially for you
hey bro it's nothing wrong with Cochran
Joe Rogan fucking experience let me show
you how I make them just a cock ring do
you get you got Python yeah slight down
cock ring so many cock rings they all
exist yeah like who's buying sex toys
from stores these days you ever drive by
one of them sex toy stores and you're
like for real to ghost town who's pulls
in there they're open still is much
stronger operations may be but the
hustla store still open I think on
Sunset Boulevard
it doesn't more of a thing for you and
your girlfriend go and let's get this
well used to be DVDs I remember used to
be like you remember when people used to
buy porn DVDs there was a day you
fucking kids today are so spoiled VHS
porn oh yeah I remember that that was
one I used to watch porn you know I
never and I'm just an all bullshit aside
and I'm not because I'm a good boy I
never watch porn I never ever watch porn
because it doesn't do a thing for me
really I don't know what it is I just
nice swear to God tired I thought about
I thought about that the other day I was
like I haven't watched porn in three
days since I was 52 I haven't watch porn
in so many years is you tired from all
your fuck yeah all my banging fuck cuz I
fuck porn is a an oddly polarizing
subject because every it's a we it's one
of the weirdest things ever if you
really stop and think about it because
mostly everyone is healthy enjoys sex
whether it's straight sex or gay sex or
what kind of sex you like if you're
healthy in your young even if you're not
young if you're healthy your body works
well you like sex but yet filming it
yeah it's so tap I know I think it's
because taboo it is heaven I've thought
a lot about that it's I think it's
because we inherently know typically
that the person doing it putting
themselves on camera it is a form of
suicide it what I mean by that is it's a
form of it's a way of ensuring that you
keep yourself out of certain segments of
Society right and maybe it's residue
from when when sex was downright
dangerous pregnancy disease that we
didn't cures for I think sex had to have
a lot of taboos like even in the Old
Testament I think when the Israelites
were not allowed to you know you had you
couldn't take the women as slaves you
had to kill everybody well the reason
for that was unless they were virgins
because the reason for that was you
could get a disease like a member who
broke that down but but that was always
a thing where people would get you go
into a town and rape all the women and
stuff and then your soldiers would come
down with some terrible syphilitic
disease and so in the Old Testament the
Israelites were you know
forbidden from taking anybody who was of
a certain age that's another weird thing
about sex the diseases like how many
goddamn diseases come from fucking and
people seemed fine yeah that's the thing
it's not like the flu or you know like
if someone's like can we fuck like it's
not like yeah I got the got the flu from
Maggie that dirty bitch like we Umbro
she was in bed she's sick
you didn't you couldn't tell she was
sick oh I thought I'd be fine like no
when I was younger if you had a flu I
wasn't gonna stop me
but I'm sick I can't I'd be like I don't
give a fuck cuz you're terrible yeah
that's not my point my point is people
seem fine and they have a terrible
disease yes it's so weird yes like the
flu is normal right wait you're sick you
got a temperature oh I don't want to be
near you I could catch that disease yeah
but that's one of the weird things about
this coronavirus in a lot of ways right
because they said we were trying to
figure out what the number is but
there's a large percentage more than
half are asymptomatic right right but
they're carrying it but they're carrying
it so like they seemed fine but they're
spreading this horrible disease that's
weird but that's sort of like some
diseases some VD some of the clap yes
you know you didn't have herpes and
never show symptoms so you can have
herpes simplex 2 and never show symptoms
and you could be carrying it yes
herpes ridden low yes into people and
apparently all of us have been exposed
to herpes and if you get cold sores from
I understand this is type of herb on
your lips you have you have somewhat
some immunity to the to the one on your
genitals mmm-hmm yeah yes but you could
transfer the ones from you apparently
you can't it's such every time I talk to
a doctor fix that one
there's no they don't have a vaccine for
her they just have figured that out I
think they were working on it there's
too many people there are bees it like
it's let it go yeah it's some crazy
number it's like warts to their
different kinds of warts well they have
that now HPV they do have a vaccine for
that yeah they do have a vaccine for
that and that's very important for women
because women get it cervical cancer
yeah it's just the the idea that all
these diseases are passed on through sex
is so strange well if you think about
your coming in as close contact as is
possible
maybe you're ingesting they're like well
I come I like to run into the bathroom
and clean I just think yeah man it's
hard to yeah but but porn we're talking
about point of why there's why is there
taboo typically I think it's because
people I think it's a couple things I
think porn people remind us of a darker
animalistic side of ourselves we don't
want to admit to right so if I watch
porn I'm not going to admit that to a
bunch of people I don't know yet there's
something shaming about watching other
people have sex there's something taboo
about that so if I admit so if I'm
around somebody who reminds me of the
fact that I that's why I've always
thought it'd be the height of hypocrisy
whatever people judge porn stars it's
like you judge porn stars you watch porn
is a multi-billion dollar industry let's
be honest all of us watch it all off to
it but I did I did my share I stopped a
week ago my father one time looked at my
my iPad and he goes the fuck is this
porn porn what is it like my search
history was so full of sin your dad was
look into your search he was trying to
he put something in when he was snooping
oh and he saw this he goes what is all
this I go I go look I look at my when I
watch porn he went like this when I'm
looking for something you should really
get uncomfortable with them what is your
favorite to watch exactly I'm sure he
does too I'm sure everybody does but
here's the thing when you're in a
presence of porn people typically if you
are if they're part of your crew you're
they remind people of sort of their
darker side and I think that's why they
become also by the way though the kind
of person that's willing to do that
might be more self-destructive usually
than yet than the average person in that
sense yeah I guess I don't know yeah I
mean yeah I always have to leave the
door open to aberrations but there was
something that I read about it was a
real bummer the number of women that get
into porn that have been sexually
molested off the charts yes although
I've met I bet I I'm thinking of two in
particular
Alana Evans who I got to know who and as
cool a fucking human being as it gets
she's just a guy love her she's a great
person she just is and as a Sakura AUSA
is smartest fuck and a regular like in
every it's guy kept looking at her going
what's going on here you're just and
she's read everything she's you know she
just seems incredibly well-adjusted but
she has that side of her so I don't know
she does ferocious gangbang yes yes it's
like our mascaras gone correct
she's covered in cocks not never never
watched one of her porns but yes
congratulations yeah because you respect
there no I'm just maybe I will now maybe
that'll break your three day fast
exactly exactly yeah I don't know it's a
it's a weird one because it is like sort
of universally taboo but yet you almost
universally consumed yeah it's these are
very contradictory things it is very
much
Nicole Aniston Stevie blue-eyes my boy
you know Stevie he dates
Nicole Aniston and now does porn with
her no yeah oh yeah what when did this
TV goes from crime to stand up to porn
he's doing porn with his girlfriend was
his girlfriend she's a beautiful girl
she's a beautiful girl and again very
good businesswoman has other investments
you talked to her and like she's
gorgeous but you'd never think like I've
had long lucid conversations with this
person she's just not it just doesn't
make those do he's showing his cock to
the world
Stevie's got a fucking piece on that
piece ah ha ha ha ha
are you fucking calm self Stevie blue
eyes and his porn I don't think so I
don't still let him open for you or is
he I want to know I'd fucking I love
that guy you know if he does porn people
see is I don't give a fuck you should be
careful he's hilarious I don't give a
shit this is not good this is not good
now Stevie's our guy on television I
can't have some porn star open I want to
be more than my I use direct I use
Maalik beers you should you should be a
director and come in and dressed like an
old-timey director house an old-timey
director dress well I would dress the
way of an old-time French director
dresses yes would be I would have
knickers I would have boots and have a
beret yes and I'd have a cane cane look
like a cattle like an O riding crop yes
a fucking riding crops would be dressed
like an equestrian but I'm not a
question like an equestrian yes and I
even have a like instead of a bray a
hard riding hat yes and action and scene
why don't they could they talk you into
doing something where you don't have sex
but you are a comedic relief in a porn
film we're interested in doing that I
would do that would you probably see get
mad at you oh you want ABC yeah ABC is
very conservative yeah well they're
owned by Disney yeah yeah yeah
but then again hopefully I don't listen
to the fighter and kid well hope of the
hopefully don't listen to this we're
trying to set it up action I had a good
director one time I was doing the scene
and he goes I don't believe you
instead I don't believe I don't believe
you Brian I don't believe you I was in
the city now it was on MADtv really yeah
director on Mac said director on Oz he
goes I can see acting he whispered hey I
can see you acting different I was like
try something different yeah he was
right well you are acting yeah
she played dumb I don't know what you're
saying I'm supposed to be acting right
if you don't want me to act I'll go home
what should have focused on stand up yes
well you did eventually I love it but
you do you like to acting too you're a
weirdo you like those people too
you secretly like those acting people
the ones that I disdain I don't know
about that bring them around sometimes
and I get grossed out I know if that's
true I have to slowly waited or I don't
anymore
how long ago it's been a while yeah you
used to bring him around
yeah like hey what the fuck is this
who's this guy I don't have not counted
on this guy the guy be right there I
don't I don't like this guy bro but you
would bring the worst like full-on liars
sociopaths complete path miss miss like
liars
I collected misfits but they would just
lie about stuff maybe they were just
nervous around you or they would just
make up stories though you can't do that
you can just make up stories
you can't and you know sometimes when
someone makes up a story that's so
obvious like what do you think but I
would never pick up on it and you would
go like this I remember one time with
you and I were doing some we're shooting
something for as a favor and we're
getting our makeup and this guy was
talking and he was dating he was
actually dating some porn chick and and
you were listening to him and front of
everybody in front of him and everybody
you went like this you went holy shit
what a bullshit artist wow you're a real
bullshit artist huh and it got all weird
in the room I was like ah here goes Joe
here goes Joe hunkering down well it's
someone starts lying to you just lying
to you and in front of a bunch of people
and I think I remember the story I think
the guy was very criminal too it wasn't
it was something like is angling
yeah to get something out of us and
lying I was like I know where this is
going you're trying to get something out
of us and you're like you're a bullshit
artist yes
and I was like we're stopping this right
now cuz you're gonna dominate this whole
day and then you're gonna want us to
invest in something here give you money
or there was some there was some who
stopped him right away
yeah well there was some grouse sort of
semi-aggressive hustle
yeah to what he was doing and he was
lying to us yes and I was like this
isn't true yes and you called one record
scratch it was great well was it it was
one of those moments like this whole day
could go to shit because we're trapped
in this building with his liar right
there's so many of them out that's so
good to know I don't I don't have that
antenna cuz I just trust people
immediately
well you that was an obvious it was a
criminal one yes there's some guys that
are like they're crumb sociopaths yeah
but they're they're angling and if you
don't stop it right there they're gonna
get your number they're gonna get your
email they're gonna get you this they're
gonna get you this I want to make this
meeting I'm real tight friends with Tom
Cruise or this guy or that guy and it's
always that yeah like name dropping
because you named that effort work does
that work no that's the weirdest name
dropping is one of the weirdest things
that people do that doesn't work yeah
it's so sad and strange it doesn't work
now but yet people do it yeah it's a
weird one right yeah like like Fame by
association yeah it never works it never
works yeah but people do it and then
with people like yeah you know I'm real
good friends with Leo they're like these
like you don't want to be that guy
that's the I don't want to be all due
respect but I don't want to be the good
friend to the big celebrity let's you do
something completely different
no unless you do something that's
completely outside if you don't need
that person if you're not part of their
entourage yeah like maybe David Sinclair
talks about always friends with you that
kind of thing yeah that's a no Bryan
Callen I'm friends with that like that
people like oh well you're a respected
Harvard psychologist well I'm excited
when Lex Friedman came to my show and I
mean yeah he's a fucking bridge it's
genius yeah yeah and a black belt in
judo and jujitsu
yeah great guy but that is that's
different that's someone who's
accomplished in a different realm it's
the people that are in that business
that are like trying to be producers or
trying to be of this or trying to
that it's like there's so much weirdness
going on out here in terms of like
people being inauthentic did I tell you
the story about about how I was in
Boston at the Wilbur and then we went to
this club I tell you whether they were
this these three key opium guys and my
buddy's girlfriend's Ethiopian I tell
you the story I don't think so oh so I'm
with LEC's Freedman black belt I'm with
my other boy Rob who's a black belt six
for 230 I'm with Brian Cooley who owns
Gracie Baja in fucking Nashville he's
six six two seventy six six two seventy
a Viking a fucking Viking wears his hair
in a ponytail blonde giant 42 years old
and still competes in jujitsu and then
and then I got my boy Moloch B who came
out of Mayweather's camp box at
wild-card forever he's been throwing her
right hands and he was seven and Moloch
has is the Ethiopian girlfriend and
they're these four little Ethiopian
dudes who are drunk and being shitheads
and actually kind of dancing with the
girls that are in the group and their
dad to be pushed away a couple times
anyway finally the guy comes up to
Moloch and says that girl belongs to us
because she's our sister
and you and Malik's black but he's like
fucking from Louisiana
right and they were you should and so
Moloch whose have been fighting as I
like goes well I think it's not Jesus he
didn't say anything he's just too happy
whatever and what'd he say and I go what
are you saying to us and the guy goes
that's our sister he she she shouldn't
be with you guys she's with us and
Ethiopian girl Helena goes you're being
disrespectful so Brian coolly said they
don't know they're surrounded by
literally four black belts a great boxer
and in me the idiot the loudmouth who's
was probably the first kind of throw a
punch because I'm insecure so we're all
there and these four guys who are maybe
five seven never done a sport in their
life and Brian coolly just looks down
and guy goes hey bro you know mood the
movie Jaws jaws and the guy goes huh and
he goes the movie Jaws you know that
movie I think I goes yeah and he goes
right now in this scenario you're the
girl you guys are the girl
swimming in the water you understand
you're swimming in the water and you got
no idea you're about to be pulled on
there do you understand what I'm saying
and he's just giant looking down and
then you see the other guy go and he
sees the circle kind of tightening and
he's just looks everybody goes he just
goes like this he goes Oh gives a double
smart fuck yeah
and he spends like and they they were
trying to morrow and this kind of moved
away in a group it would have been so
bad for them
men and egos so bad for them that's a
greatest metaphor you know the you know
the fucking movie Jaws well that's John
Jaques metaphor oh it is yeah John
Jaques metaphor for jujitsu ah fuck yeah
he said the ground is the ocean and I'm
a shark most people can't swim
you know I trained with heekin well he's
great all the best
he's very controversial system where
he's teaching people celebrities
jiu-jitsu and giving them belts but they
don't really spar well they're
celebrities I will always spar here's
the thing he teaches tomorrow he taught
me a lot Greco like Greco stuff he's
really cool
I love it East man oh my god in 2003 in
Abu Dhabi I was doing time for him in
Sao Paulo I was held in the time no tell
me how much time cuz he wasn't in the
best of shape so he would like conserve
his energy of course he's just so
technical he could get away with you
know beating like really good guys about
being in tip-top condition I'm sure you
ever see the video of him rolling with
Hickson fighting with Hicks and oh yeah
there's a famous jujitsu film it's in
black and white and it's probably from
shit 89 or 1990 or some shit like pre
UFC and they're in Rio and at a
jiu-jitsu jiu-jitsu turned way back when
there was no jiu-jitsu to here's well
what year is this he gonna what does it
say he gonna had 300 and see me just
it's just said 8686 look at this
86 man so this is like wow when I was
just getting out of high school Wow it's
Hickson on the bottom he get on top look
at our relaxed zoo they had a battle
dude Keegan at the time was a fucking
he's way bigger than Nixon by the way
she is he is he is and this is a real
battle it's a really interesting
to watch as well because they're both so
technical
he didn't studied so many other things
he was an amateur boxer for a long time
and then he but he did a lot of
wrestling the guys rolled the trucks
back he keeps getting hit since back but
he gets shook off oh shit
rolls him over yeah he can was a big
fella yes a big strong dick sit on top
Hicks enrolled them I mean these guys
they really went for it too this is a it
was a really wild sort of a match a lot
of scrambles I didn't know this they
should watch it it's really interesting
I didn't know was 86 I would have
guessed it was 90 or 91 now the game has
changed so much sense right it has not
fun applause yes but the guys who have
exceptionally sharp fundamentals still
dominate like hogr Gracie he's you know
haunters never been a guy who adopts
like the new aspects that look at that
beautiful sweep but he can but Hicks
encountered the Hodge has never been a
guy who adopted a lot of the crazy new
techniques Rodgers like Roger Gracie's
all I don't actually calls himself Roger
or hogr I'm not sure but he's like
straight up old school armbar pass
triangle like that system of the
fundamental the fundamentals of a good
way to see what's really good wrestlers
they do the same like a high-level
wrestlers they're not dude they're still
doing ankle picks they're still they're
still controlling the head and hips
they're still double and single legging
well um
John Jacques has a way of talking about
it he said the more jujitsu I know the
less I use wow yeah yeah this is I use
like five things yeah yeah and it's it's
timing yeah did you ever see when
jean-jacques first started competing in
Abu Dhabi he was one of the first key
champions to do nogi and be really
successful because jean-jacques was born
with a genetic deficiency in his left
hand he doesn't have a left hand he just
has a thumb right and so because of that
he never relied on grabbing things he
never relied on grabbing the ghee he
relied on a more greco-roman based style
of wonder so when he would roll with
those guys it's like good there's
nothing to grab I never grabbed anything
anyway and so he you just dominate
people even guys like Sakura who's a you
know a top-level MMA guy just fuck
Sakura Sakura Sakura ayaats Oh Sakura
who's like a beast back in the day yeah
he ran right through him he ran right
through a bunch of guys so cool yeah and
it's you know those guys that dude that
style like Jean Jacques styles the same
way man he's never been like a guy who
does a lot of wild fancy stuff yeah but
there's a lot of guys who do wild fancy
stuff that it looks super successful
with that too
look there are great boxers great boxers
that use ones and twos the whole fucking
fight oh yeah they might throw two hooks
yeah so I mean you know it's just
finding something
what's that Bruce Lee expression don't
beware of the man who knows 10,000
techniques beware of the man who knows
one thing that he's practiced it's like
the book of five rings Miyamoto Musashi
talks about like the practicing real
sword fighting literally is reaching and
and you have time for one strike yeah
like Shabab and that's what he would
practice over and over yeah I mean this
night he said very rarely this ever a
fight at sword fight go to a duel like a
ching ching ching that doesn't happen
and that shit is like its final well
Musashi fought so many people he'd get
bored and he started fighting people
with oars what yeah he made the wooden
swords out of oars and you would fight
people with oars so he had a famous
school where they would practice like
you know where it was basically as
realistic practice as you get oh yeah he
said the only way to practice for that
as that mindset damn imagine realistic
practice with sword he would do things I
get you like if you were about thing he
would turn you toward the Sun so the Sun
was in your eyes yeah yeah he was very
and you also show up really late you
really he's into showing up a really
like he was two swords yeah hours late
yeah hours late so you'd be freaking out
for hours while he's taking a nap
because the guy would be waiting on the
beach and then he would show up hours
late and he wouldn't even have a sword
just use an oar fuck you up with an oar
what yeah because oars are longer I see
you got this sword and you stand there
with a sword and this guy comes out with
a long stick and just fucking cracks you
over the head it's not a good thing well
he was a big man too he was an
interesting guy man I mean to understand
what it takes to defeat more than 60 men
in one-on-one combat well it's also not
combat this is life and death Shin this
is like you know a swordplay getting cut
with a swords not swords are not
terribly forgiving bullets are more
forgiving than is a sword yeah you get
you know you're not walking away from
from a bloody throat it's also a very
personal way fuck up dude you can hear
you you feel and hear and see him
breathing I mean everything
someone's head just falls off when their
body still stands
yeah damn their body collapses or you
cut their arm off oh yeah imagine living
in the day where that shit was going on
all the time I got France in France
there were so many duels people would
walk around swords and there was a time
in France or just you'd see people with
like I'm like they'd lose they'd have no
ear that have a constant scars or you
know that was like a sort of a badge of
honour for Nazis Nazis had dueling scars
real did you know that no oh my god pull
up Nazi dueling scars now here's where
it gets really weird a lot of the
Operation Paperclip scientists that the
United States brought over from Nazi
Germany when Nazi Germany was defeated
in World War two the United States took
on all their scientists and brought them
over to work for NASA
Wernher von Braun Wernher von Braun the
head of the head of NASA was a fuckin
straight-up
complete 100% Nazi in fact the simon
wiesenthal center said that if he was
alive today they would prosecute him for
crimes against humanity was a real Nazi
yep him and his cabinet all those
fucking guys they brought over they all
these massive cheek scars
really yeah they had scars over their
face from from from duels they would
wear goggles and they would wear like
like you know like some kind of
protection on their on their body and
their their faces would get sliced open
and they they relished it it was like a
cool thing to have like a big scar in
your face
who-who showed us that remembers I'm
doing that something popped up that I
hadn't seen before it's actually called
modern academic fencing or the men sir
and German I love we pull it slightly
different though they're not just like
fighting to fight yes the winner
loser in it well that's interesting but
this is but I want to see is just pull
up the images of Nazi dueling scars
because they're horrific like these guys
like post duel with look at that one guy
with the goggles on with his face
slashed open see that down there yeah
that look at that they'd cut their face
like dude yeah so you'd have something
that covers your nose and your eyes and
look at it he's got a giant slash in his
forehead a giant slash in his face he's
in real yeah see that guy with the blue
arrow on his face like that kind of shit
those scars on the faces they would all
have those click on that that guy with
the right there look at that
they all had those kind of scars on
their face from dueling it was a big
look at that guy below him
lower right below him no right below him
right below him the big image the big
yeah right there
look at that guy's face see they all had
those kind of scars on their face and it
was like to let everyone know these were
bad motherfuckers that would you know
have duels with swords that's crazy
yeah it was very really common man men
sir is that what you're talking about
Jamie yeah yeah Emmy and Su are and
what's that stand for again it's
academic fencing so like there it's it
was in college they did all this I bet
ya fuckin crazy man the bragging scar
men's sir scars or the bragging scar
yeah but there was some there's some
horrific pictures of these guys like
post match where they were trying to
piece their face back together again and
you could see like they're literally
like see inside their face either time
and everything because their dicks been
split open him yeah and it was really
common and so a lot of the Nazis that
they brought over from Operation
Paperclip to run NASA had these fucking
scars in their faces so they'd be
sitting there with Wernher von Braun and
JFK and you'd see this guy with his
giant face scar yeah it's crazy swords
man yeah and those they had those long I
think it was called what they called a
Ray Pierre or something like that right
Pierre yeah Oh calls it Paris here it's
a different version of it but they had
those long pointy swords you get you
know it takes this but yeah and your
nose is gone oh yeah fuck that but they
all like wanted to get scar
of course it's like a cauliflower I got
it it's all it's all it's all this time
it's all this time young men yeah
approve look they went into battle young
men go into battle with full of ideas of
linear ideas of duty and honor and glory
and then unfortunately war can many
times make a mockery of that Wars
obviously a fog and insane and and
chaotic and unfair and not linear and
crazy and horrifying and all those
things and and and lacks dignity and all
those things you know you see that a lot
it seems it seems to me that when a lot
of soldiers I've spoken to add real
combat experience when they come out of
that they it's very difficult for them
there's a lot to come to terms with and
sometimes they have a lot of trouble
bringing their life back into a linear
how could we go from one way of life or
everything is life and death yeah
everywhere every corner you turn around
it could be the end every day that
you're out there could be the end well
we as that's one thing life and death is
again linear and bilateral but you know
you there are a lot of things that have
said goodbye linearly saying that there
are certain concepts when we as human
beings I think most of us have a
contract with life you know you grow up
and you say if I work hard and I keep
swinging I'm gonna there it's gonna pay
dividends right and most of us live that
way most of us believe in fair play like
something about the universe is somewhat
fair the universe rewards hustle the
universe rewards you know we have these
ideas and we have to believe in those
ideas and usually we're right about it
right it's almost like um we we enter a
game where we know I can jab and I can
punch and I can hook but sometimes you
get fucking kicked in the face and you
go but that wasn't the role I was
playing with you know it's like well
hold on I was boxing you're doing MMA
right and life does that to you war can
do that to you to a point where you lose
your faith in who wrote where the wild
things are I never forgot he said they
said are you a religious and he said no
i'm an atheist the war took care of that
for me
you know he saw too many things he saw
too many children starve and die and all
those things and I think that when
things get bad enough in war when you
get that close to reality and that close
to that chaos whatever contract you had
gets shattered in fact it gets mocked
you are mocked by the insanity of it all
and any any notion so when I say linear
or what I mean is sort of like I'll do
this if you do this for me so it's a
give-and-take the fact did you ever see
the Unforgiven I love them do you
remember when he kills Gene Hackman and
Gene Hackman can't believe that he's
gonna die mm-hmm it's not supposed to
happen to him that's what that's what
they say sociopaths when they get when
sociopaths get convicted of life off
times what happens is they look up and
they go what wait what me and it all
comes down because of what they what a
sociopath like that a chronal sociopath
usually believes is there it's
impossible they'll never get caught
because they're too smart yes it because
they're too smart or they think the
world revolves around them and so the
idea both of those punished Hitler you
know according to historian of cameras
named Buchwald Buchholz he said I think
John buckles had said Hitler was so
callously self-involved self-centered
that he truly believed that when the war
was lost and he came to the realization
the war was lost he expected Germany to
self emulate and he expected Germany all
Germans to burn themselves to kill
themselves and light themselves on fire
essentially he expected that from the
German people cuz he he was going to do
it he said yes and he was going to do
that that that is according to Buchholz
the historian who follows his stuff yes
and and that's not uncommon for the
great sociopaths the great you know I
mean if you think about Genghis Khan he
had he truly believed that and almost
did that he could dominate an own the
entire world these people like Alexander
the Great and those kind of people who
who were clearly I'm sure their enemies
didn't think of them as
great but they had this force of nature
this ability to believe in themselves to
the point where they were gonna own the
world and some of them almost did well
if you think about it any kind of thing
where you're trying to conquer something
say if you have a small tribe and
there's another tribe that's close to
the river and they have more resources
and you're in dispute with them and you
try to conquer that tribe that is one
level of this game right we're gonna
we're gonna get our warriors together
we're gonna sneak in the middle and not
that's impact them maybe yeah but the
point is there's that level so let's say
let's not call it a game but let's say
this is an endeavor this is a thing that
you're doing with anything that anybody
does some people take it way further
right like some people try an open mic
night and they go this is kind of
interesting I'll do stand-up every now
and then they do it once a month other
people that get obsessed they do it
every fucking day and they do 10 sets a
day and they live in New York City and
they take fucking cabs everywhere and
ubers and they do you know and they're
they live it mm-hmm
they're like mark Normand right they
live it that's the same thing with war
it's the same thing with everything same
thing with fighting yeah same thing with
everything yeah you know some people
just they become obsessed it becomes
everything
it becomes their everything and they
don't care about anything else they
don't care about other people they don't
care about the environment
yeah that's trying to get really good at
something but I think some people try to
literally remake the world in their
image I think so too but I think that
obsession carries on
I think the obsession took to conquer a
neighboring tribe or to take over a town
or to conquer a city or a country or a
continent there's just there's just as
weird things that people do where they
take things as far as they can be taken
mm-hmm and they do that even with war
that scares the shit out of me with
China it really does because they they
oh here's something I wanted to talk
about so I don't know this is something
I sent you Jamie that 20 million cell
phone users are missing from China where
does that stat come from this is
Americans this is what they don't know
they don't know if this means there's 20
million casualties
because it also coincides with their
switch to 5g mm-hmm they switched from
5g in January so from January to March
China lost 20 million cell phone users
now what does that mean no it's hard to
tell
yeah but I think you could safely say
whatever they say the casualty number is
yeah is bullshit exactly
that's pretty safe because they've been
bullshitting left and right about the
whole thing you know there's they go on
Twitter there's a some branch of the
government that's involved in propaganda
that's trying to say this is United
States government creation of course the
Chinese are incredibly practical the
Chinese you know a lot of people I'm
speaking of the government of course but
but well I think when you live in a
society that has been essentially
communist or really at the mercy of a
central authority and an all m'l central
authority for so long yeah forever it's
all so that's that's a society that that
treated religion with great disdain and
suspicion so they didn't really have
even though there are small pockets of
these different but for the most part I
think when you forcibly rid a population
of religion what you are left with is
something that takes its place sure an
ideology like communism or whatever but
they're not really comments anymore but
I do think what happens is you get a
population that deals in practicality
that is I'm sure very good to each other
when they know somebody that is but also
deals and things like cause and effect
not so much the overt and one of the
things a friend of mine I'm speaking for
a friend of mine who did a lot of
business billions of dollars business
with China and another friend in fact
who does a lot of business with China it
did so and speaks fluent Chinese both of
them had something an interesting
observation which was that when you
speak about morality in a
judeo-christian way when you think about
you and say well that's just the wrong
way to do it that in dealing in business
with a Chinese company is not
necessarily it that's not really the way
to approach biz
they are way more practical than that
that doesn't mean that the average
Chinese person is not moral or ethical I
don't know but certainly you will get
burned if you are playing by the rules
that you are used to which would be just
don't do it because it's not the right
thing to do right that's not gonna find
its way a lot of times when you're
dealing in commerce with China well
you're dealing with the military
dictatorship but thinks about things is
the same way they think about correct
they are not our ally there are I
believe they are our enemy into alert I
mean they'll do whatever they can I
think to get an upper hand they also now
have enough wealth and they have a huge
middle class where they can almost start
they're starting to become way more
self-sufficient they daren't we don't
have the symbiotic relationship we used
to with China China doesn't need our
consumers as much as they did not even
close they have their own consumers in
their own country what's weird is that
we need them what's weird is how much we
need them for the manufacturing of
Medicine 97% of all our antibiotics is
so crazy it's how do we ever let that
shine and India is it because money it's
more fish is it more efficient or is it
more cost effect it but were there
because there because of magic no yes
but can't we do their factories are
amazing they're incredibly efficient but
the Chinese see people worried about the
Chinese I don't think they'll ever be in
our area kotas innovators they'll delve
they steal from us they take our
intellectual property etc but there'll
always be that'll always be a catch-up
game yeah and part of the reason I think
is that that I love the quote from from
why nations fail I believe China yes
they put their users in concentration
camps you I went in Beijing the first
thing they said is you cannot speak
about the government if you say anything
about the government you will be sent
home oh and by the way here's a
cellphone Brian you can use WeChat
you're not using your iPhone when was
this
this was when I did a movie this summer
two summers ago so they gave you a phone
to use uh-huh and they said you can't
use your phone on you and you don't get
on Google you have to find thousands of
firewood you have to find all different
ways to get over there far
because they control the internet there
make no mistake
so can you use a VPN I don't know what
that is
Virtual Private Network or you
expressvpn you try to do that and then
they block that too so you have to keep
coming up with new ways I was right
there with the production designer and
assistant who is dealing with so you're
essentially at the mercy of their their
news of course so so here's the thing
there's a great quote and I've said it
before probably even on this podcast and
I love it you can hold a gun to a man's
head and make him move a box or a rock
you cannot hold a gun to a man's head
and make him have a great idea and as
long any country that's great well it's
a great quote so China Russia you guys
have great weapons and you have great
power and manufacturing you you will
never be a country of great ideas
because they're present because you
oppress people and people can't give you
motherfuckers the finger G is the most
powerful man in China along with his
people his is his inner circle and if
you in any way look at the whistleblower
isn't it interesting the whistleblowers
the original was supposed on the
coronavirus are dead and they were there
were doctors in their thirties did they
die of the disease
did they or what happened the
journalists and a lot of those those
doctors were disappeared they just
didn't they're dead or they disappeared
China can do that and somebody who lived
there for their whole life I was there
and he was an American and said people
get disappeared here all the time dude
you don't you don't speak against the
government it just doesn't happen and I
think that's one of the great evils and
that's what I worry about any time we
have a pandemic like this where the
government can just shut you down yeah
at the behest of the scientists and
doctors I suppose but I get very worried
when someone like Gavin Newsom can say
nobody's going back to work for a month
I'm not saying that right now that isn't
a sound policy I just get very worried
when the government has that kind of
power to shut off once they start once
they start with that kind of
totalitarian power of course is very
difficult to turn that off that's right
it's for our own good
yeah if you study history it's always
for the people's good well that's what
an Edward Snowden is warning everybody
about this now he should be
when he came to power talked about that
when he said this is when I think there
was a there was a fire in the Reichstag
and he used these starten see yeah use
these emergency powers yeah to suspend
civil liberties they started the fire so
they could do that there's a false flag
there you go yeah they did that's the
same way Nero burned Rome yeah same
reason yeah it's the age-old you know so
just well that's the art that's what the
the conspiracy theorists think that 9/11
was yeah yeah good for them I I don't
mind there I I appreciate their paranoia
I think that's American yes I don't
think that's a bad thing and I think you
should always be who what's the
fundamental question into political
philosophy the fundamental question who
governs the governor yes very important
yes very important with the fuck
government who's governing the guys yeah
I don't trust my government and I
shouldn't no you shouldn't it's also
like people that have power like the
kind of unchecked power that you see in
China they're not gonna give that up
career populist fight for it they're
gonna fight for it well you see that
with career politicians you see that
with this this bill that they're trying
to pass to to help people that are
dealing with this coronavirus because
they can't work and there's slipping all
kinds of stuff they're all slipping
things in there about the environment
arse guys that is something that
politicians do they utilize this moment
to try to use it to leverage their own
causes their own pet causes things that
they think are also important there are
a group of people that did that with the
invasion of Iraq when 9/11 came along
they said look Iraq is harboring
al-qaeda terrorists they probably are
getting weapons into the hands of people
like oh ok there was a whole story that
was woven up and that was a way of
essentially crippling the fourth largest
army in the world which was Iraq and
making our allies Jerry here the Bill
Hicks bit he goes
they said Bill Iraq is the fourth
largest army he goes yeah but after the
first three there's a real big drop-off
he's like the fifth-largest is a
Salvation Army
it's so true yeah had a whole great bit
about the size of armies well we've been
in we were in Afghanistan for how long
was it guys because he goes hey bill
they say bill it's a war when there's
two armies fighting yeah he goes but
Bill Iraq is a fourth largest army in
the world doesn't mean we want to stay
there he had some great bits man some
great points shit yeah outside the box
that's what I'm always amazed at is how
these things can carry on like if you
there's somebody did a really cool funny
thing about how every general in the
Iraq in the Afghanistan theater every
single every single year would say we
are at a turning point where the Taliban
will be under our control every every
every time they would make a case for
the Iraq war more money I'm sorry for
the Afghan Afghan war more money more
logistics all those things that required
more troops the generals would say we
are it was always the same wording we're
at a turning point and we are gonna we
just need a little more and that's well
that's what they have to say yeah but
what's interesting is if they really did
accomplish that they'd actually cut off
the honey pot of course it wouldn't have
the money comes Ryan that's that's
that's the darkest conspiracy ever that
war is prolonged in order to prop up the
military-industrial complex and what's
really crazy about the
military-industrial complex is when
there was Eisenhower talking about it on
TV
which was really terrifying that was
when the first people were introduced to
this concept but Trump was talking about
recently
you know Trump's doing this thing he's
like well you know this is a military
industrial complex and these guys want
to go to war like he's just saying it's
very casually like hey man who are you
talking about like who are these fucking
there's a lot of money in it and and not
only that there are other people
nongovernmental organizations to that
get rated by their burn rate so we're
gonna build a dam here well we don't
need a dam here but we're gonna build it
anyway because we're a lot of that money
there's a lot of that goes on so it's
that's why whis conspiracy theories I'm
I'm Way more apt to believe that the
governments
is way more incompetent that it is
confident I don't it's just a massive
bloated bureaucracy that doesn't run
well and I know I know guys I know
there's a group of people controlling
everything the fuck outta here
there's a little bit of that there's
definitely a lot of incompetence but
there's also a lot of collusion there's
also a lot of people doing things
specifically because they know it's
profitable to make money yes yes and
also look what they're doing there
Bernie Sanders to try to keep him from
winning the DNC from leading to the
Democratic nomination
they've conspired and they put a guy who
literally is going scene
that's what's shot that's what shocked
and they're trying to pretend it's not
happening
how about Amy Klobuchar she's great or
they're a lot of ice she didn't know who
the President of Mexico was she had no
idea what random yes but she's doing
interview with a guy from Mexico but
she's smart she's a smart woman who like
I just think she's way more moderate and
she seems to articulate 179 listen just
because someone seems articulate doesn't
mean they should be the president true
if you don't know who the President of
Mexico is maybe you haven't done enough
studying yeah yeah do you know who the
president was no idea I'm not trying to
her today I barely know the guy from
Canada the Trudeau guy I just know him
because he's been busted with blackface
my lol well his father was a it was a
long time yes yeah listen man I don't
think anybody should be President back
yeah no I think it's a terrible idea I
think you're there's no way you really
can be responsible for all those things
there's no way you could really be well
read on all the different variables and
everything when it comes to economics
when it comes to the environment when it
comes to military operations when it
comes to the fuckin energy and industry
there's no fucking way one person it
should be a large group of people that
are that essentially have no stake in
the game it should be people that have
no no ability to profit whatsoever they
get a healthy income and they cannot
profit outside of that there should be
reg there should be some sort of a
regulation and then after you're gone it
should be impossible for you to make
speeches to banks whether you get paid a
half a mil they're supposed to be
cooling off period and Elizabeth Warren
wanted to year cooling off
right now there's only a six-month or
and a month like if you work for if
you're if you work for the Department of
Defense you can't go back to Raytheon or
Boeing you know you're not supposed to
be able to go back for at least two
years oh great so two years ago man two
years I'm gonna be so rich oh boy 24
months goes by quick yes it does should
be 200 years I agree to the average the
Scientology contract yeah where it's
billions and billions of years you can
never do it you know that billion-year
contract it's a wonderful contract it's
enforceable yeah yeah man I don't know
it's not this is anything wrong with Amy
Klobuchar look I think tulsi gabbard was
the most interesting I liked all of them
to me and they shut her out quick soon
as she sank Kamala Harris it like Young
Harris thing they wanted Kamala Harris
to win and she sank her in one debate
yeah when when she stated all those
irrefutable facts and everyone's like
whoa she's throwing bombs she did didn't
she they fucking her out of the mix
after that they cut her out of the mix
quick it's interesting man because it's
obviously not let's see who the people
choose it's let's manipulate the
opinions of the public this is what the
whole game of running a campaign is
let's prop someone up let's make them
look great let's have these ads with
wonderful music and then standing there
looking presidential and then even in
spite of all that you've got this poor
guy in Joe Biden that is experiencing
dementia c77 housing yes and Bernie's
old in him Bernie's a Dior he had a
heart attack right yeah walking heart
attack while he's on campus and big book
a few days off and like we're back yeah
we're back in for the pain yeah I look
Bernie at least believes what he says
he's also he's also though one of the
knocks on him is feel like he's not
interested in if you ask him how you're
gonna pay for all this you're talking
about Bernie looks at the world is right
and wrong and it's a moral issue for him
so and he is and he did take his
honeymoon in the fucking Soviet Union
say what you will I do believe the guys
essentially a closet communist yeah I
said son-of-a-bitch I said it I said and
I always marvel at socialist it's not
Democratic Socialist yeah but I still
marvel at the idea that if you if you
really trust government again it comes
down to are they as efficient as the
marketplace in some ways they might be
but in other ways they may not be I
don't know how they're not doing a great
job with the homeless situation in
California are they it's the worst job
ever yes they really fucked that back
dunno if you could blame that on
Democratic socialists that that's blamed
on that's actually a law that you can't
remove someone from a place unless you
have another place to bring them to yes
yes and it was a lot to protect poor
people and people that were harassed and
then it became a homeless law and now
you go into the underpasses and this is
my thing that everybody said like how
come it's okay to litter for them like
they're basically littering they have
junk stacked up if you throw a fucking
coffee cup rightly so out of window the
cops should be able to pull you over and
give you a fucking ticket and you should
have to pay that goddamn ticket but if
you were just tenth and you have boxes
and shit and cardboard all over the
place yeah you're allowed to do that and
people have to leave you alone yeah it's
not good for them it's not good for
anybody to allow these these gigantic
homeless encampments to appear under
bridges and I don't know what the
solution is but I just think that alone
like if you put that on the governor or
the President or the mayor god damn
that's a problem yeah that's a problem
that's gonna take so much cotton opiates
it comes to mental illness they're
already 40 or 50 or whatever they are
were you gonna fix them do you know how
hard it is to fix a person who's kind of
got their shit together you know how
hard is to get Bert Kreischer stop
drinking right fuck how hard is it to
get a person who's got their shit
together but has a problem yeah like you
can't stop smoking cigarettes you know
can't stop gambling
how many fucking people do you know that
are like that I know all of our friends
yes have one thing that they're just
like fucking compelled
now imagine compounding that to 70,000
people that are at the bottom end of it
so instead of at the top end of it
someone who makes a good living who has
a family and has life insurance and is
also a fuckup instead of that yeah
you've got someone who's never had
anything yeah and people been fucking
them over their whole life and they've
been on drugs since they were young and
they were sexually abused and physically
abused and they went to juvenile hall
maybe they were in foster care and they
were beaten and abused and then here
they are at for their brains literally
changed yes there's an amazing fucking
book by this guy named Joe Newman called
raising lions I just read it
man I wish I'd read this book when my
kids were three this guy they bring this
guy in
so in the past I don't have you know
that's been in the past ten years
bipolar disorder in children has been
diagnosed 40 fold now that doesn't mean
and you know what the solution is
typically in the psychiatric ward
medication medication than medication
that's a third option and Joe Newman
comes in a lot of times it fucking great
book and he comes in and essentially
will say this kids throwing tantrums and
is impossible to deal with because he is
profiting or she is profiting from that
behavior there is a there is their kids
are way smarter than you think they are
and he instills sort of a very very
interesting approach that I've used and
that that it's it's I fucking love the
book it's a short small book but when
you think about without going into the
book and stuff the reason I bring it up
is when you think about you can change
you can literally change a child's brain
by with with instilling certain
behaviors certain boundaries certain
protocols as a parent as an adult as an
educator because what you do is you get
them to exercise self-control you get
them to exercise a form of mood
stabilization for themselves but you
have to do it in a certain way when you
don't do that with children when you let
them go crazy freak out and put them in
inside sleeps rooms a lot of times what
we'll do is wait there's nothing we're
doing wrong we're not doing any wrong as
adults we're going to we're reasoning
with them we're talking to them no no
what we'll do is we'll medicate them
because they're out of control and there
is a window with children where you can
actually let them keep going down that
path and they are basically and then you
put them on these mood stabilizers you
put them on psychotics you put them on
anticonvulsant drugs sometimes they're
on four medications that are in a row
and he's had great success coming in and
changing all that because what happened
was you just weren't getting the kid to
exercise the muscles of self-control and
there
a way to do that it's very simple a very
interesting book but what I'm saying is
that there is a fucking window
with kids where if you don't get to
certain kids at certain time with a good
behaviorist you're in deep fucking shit
and and their whole life spin spirals
out of control and then it goes into
substance abuse and everything else so
you're talking about now adults who've
had all that abuse I mean it's I don't
know what you would do I really don't
know what the fuck you would because
they're self-medicating to begin with
they've been addicted to drugs most of
the lifes are all of their behavior has
been formed while they're addicted to
drugs this is a giant problem with
people that are in their 40s and 50s
who've been drug abusers their whole
life yeah imagining a world with no
drugs and no escape from reality and
having to be accountable for your
actions and then also having to deal
with the the things that have been done
to you and to try to try to figure out a
way to heal from your childhood
and your life is over your your your
body starting to fail you right you've
been abusing yourself for all these
years and the idea that there's some
simple solution to dealing with 70
thousand people at various stages of
that that are currently homeless some
some of them that may be able to recover
pretty quickly they're just hot on the
street for a little bit they're gonna
get their shit together they're gonna
get out of this they're determined
there's a lot of people like that yeah I
think people very wide of course they do
they do they're very so the addiction
rate if you look at the people that
really follow this the addiction rate
the amount of mental illness is very
high very and I think I this is where I
think like in Singapore you'd never in
Singapore they just don't be put enough
in homes and so every you know
III do think that there's something
humane about taking people who are
rolling their own shit up in a ball look
I mean by the way you know schizophrenic
see those people need to be taken care
of yeah they need to be I don't think
it's a terrible thing to show up in a
padded wagon and take them in to be
carefully protective yeah someone might
say you're fucking crazy
I know scooped you up I know that's
that's why I was unconstitutional well
yeah that's why you you move the
boundaries right and this is the
argument against what we're saying right
you move the boundaries in any direct
Chinn yeah where it's not total freedom
and then it can slide further from there
that's the problem when you how do you
define mental illness right so that's
when you say well you're mentally ill so
you can't own a gun well people go how
do you define mental illness you define
that as I had an anger management issue
at my heart my work once I suffer from
depression sometimes the most polarizing
religion versus no religion there's
people that think that if you are
religious do you have a mental health
issue and there's people who are
religious that think that if you're an
atheist you have a mental health issue
this is a like a very polarizing line in
the sand that I've heard argued by
intelligent people I've never heard that
not that I've seen intelligent people
that have blinders on that think that if
you're an atheist you're a fool and you
probably have a mental illness and you
probably have this extreme belief in
science above God and above the the laws
of the Bible and they'll say it in this
articulate way like goddamn this guy
believes that he really believes that
all atheists have a mental health
problem so if if you get a person who's
in a position of power that can also run
this ideology they have this ideology
like one of the things that almost all
presidents do but particularly
right-wing presidents ever since Reagan
started introducing the religious aspect
of the right into like politics they
made it a big deal during the Reagan
campaign you see that so many presidents
particularly on the right have to talk
about God they have a have to they have
to talk about the consternation still
you bring people in this is we're you're
on my side I'm not in the gods hi yeah
and you see that argument argued by many
people were like fevered Trump
supporters the one that really really
wacky one so I'm like super into God
wanting Trump to be our president and
then you get this group of people they
get into power and you've got some law
in place that says it if you're mentally
ill you can be locked up how many steps
does it have to take before it slides do
you it might be like a few yeah and I
agree I do like where I like religious
thought in discourse and even in policy
it's a limited but I do like the idea
that when you think that you can get
human beings
out of all problems using human
rationality mathematics and science you
better be careful with that too
because you can you can use math and
rationality to justify some pretty
horrific things and just and the Nazis
did everybody else so there is something
really really cool about X and you Val
Harare comes in on this and so does
Jonathan height you know there is
something really kind of what one of
these John tonight says we're all
religious all human beings are religious
some people are just religious about
science some people really is about
rationality at all costs some people are
religious about you so you'll you'll
time people religious about nutrition so
you got to remember look look here you
got to you got to take an inventory of
your own brain and how you how your
belief system works as well politics are
as close to religion yet honor people
they there's also like rewards for
adhering to one or the other ideology
especially in an aggressive way because
then you get rewarded for being the
watchdog of either right-wing values or
left-wing values progressive values
surprise yeah we all do a man people
have done it it's it's a thing that we
do it's a there's a reward there you
pick it up well I got a kick out of this
with this kovat thing I whenever if
somebody says socialist I go like this I
go I well good keep them away there get
them away no no socialist and and and I
always I have a very visceral reaction
to people like a OC or Bernie Sanders
because I think that they're socialists
right but having said that this Cova
disaster which nobody saw coming
crippled the economy we I I know people
who are very right and not right-wing
but very market oriented people who said
we need this fucking tomb built
trillion-dollar stimulus that's a
socialist measure you better I was
looking for the government for a bill I
don't need it but I want I want that two
trillion dollars in the system that had
to be mandated by government politicians
and in in Akko vyd 19 scenario guess
what bit of a socialist you know I find
myself going ants why I think the idea
of there being one or the other it
should there's to this these are too
complex it's too many super complex
issues
to lump on one side or the other it's
too hard like a person who's an expert
on financial intervention or industry
intervention to provide medical
equipment to deal with respiratory virus
virus that hits people to an
unprecedented rate that's not a
left-wing or right-wing thing that's a
thing and if that gets lumped into
socialism versus libertarianism we got a
fucking real problem because that's a
good idea for everybody yes right yes
well Jordan Peterson said something I
thought I'd never forgot he said when
you get that level of detail when you're
trying to solve problems get food on you
know get a lot of protein and
carbohydrates and fats into the I'll say
300 million human bodies or you're just
running a restaurant or whatever it is
when you're trying to get something done
get get manufacturing of medicines away
from China into the United States when
you get to the level of detail left-wing
and right-wing politics seem to go out
the fucking window yeah you're dealing
with practicality now we got to get a
job done and I don't I don't know if
you're if you're in the fucking you know
geese or you're you know if you're a
transect I don't give a shit can you do
the job well let's get this job done and
then we can talk about the other stuff
that's kind of what happens yeah I
notice in a war zone when I was in
Afghanistan I don't say Afghanistan
anymore
I like to be you became less often I
like to be more American Afghanistan
when I was not guys done I remember no
no the soldiers would talk politics
none of them they were like God that's
not bad I'll talk about that right now I
got a job to do I got a job to do I'm
not I I know what my mission is and
that's the way it is mm-hmm so when you
get the level of details a lot of times
it's what I think a lot of times when
you deal with people who are really
practical in a real world where they
have to make a profit with their
business or whatever they do when
they're when they when they live in the
real world they tend to be more moderate
to maybe more market oriented and when
you get people that have been in an
academic setting their whole life in a
political setting their whole life where
they make they make laws and
they make you know they and you have
academics that come up with theories to
support those laws they tend to be a
little bit less practical a little bit
more theoretical just by the nature of
how they live their lives on a daily
basis you know it's interesting I was
just thinking this while I was talking
about these complex issues like why are
we voting for a person like one
individual leader that handles all those
things why why instead isn't there a
vote for the person who's got the best
solution to each of those individual
problems and those are the people that
run the country mmm you know I'm saying
I do mean the idea that I love that that
seems like that's a possible idea you
mean so you'd get out you get an
economic study many made a lot of money
to run the economy yes yes yes you get
an economic president yes yes you get a
square's life that's why I like Mitt
Romney otherwise guy was fucking you
know and I could Malik stud against you
now also Mexican his dad's Mexican I
didn't know that dad tried to run for
president because his dad was born in
Mexico he couldn't run for president I
thought he was white as could be well he
is because he came from the Mormons who
escaped and moved to Mexico so they can
have all these wives let's keep this
party rolling in community now huge and
they you know that was the big story
with the cartel is slaughtered nine of
them they were firemen in children why
did they ever find those guys they ever
find out why don't I don't think they
have a definitive answer obviously
because everyone's dead but I think they
either did it because they were always
in dispute with those people from the
Mormon colonies or because they mistook
them for someone who was in another
rival gang it's hard to tell you know
the cartel you know they're not big on
interviews after they yeah I know so I
don't know what happened and I don't
know if the people that shot them were
punished by the cartel there was
something that II D call Tehran said
that would probably happen they would do
it publicly because they don't want to
start a war but like it's the whole
thing's crazy we got a giant
multi-billion dollar drug industry
that's connected to us yeah I love
legalizing it how's the fuckin work on
that like imagine if you had to choose
between like what are your big problems
is your big problem the massive amount
of drugs that are coming into the
country that are killing people and
addicting people or is it important to
hold it down in Afghanistan some places
on the other side of the planet you got
a place that's connected to this
directly affecting people like in this
really weird way it's like the best
thing ever heard Bill Maher said the
best thing was when he said terrorism
isn't gonna kill you America it's the
corn syrup and all this shit he's right
he's right he's I don't know if it's him
writing or his monologue writers but
they make some great points with his
those monologues that he does for real
time he makes some great points yes
funny shit too but it's yeah the the we
have a problem in that whenever you tell
someone that they can't do something
which I don't agree with at all don't
get me wrong about this whole drug issue
I don't think you should be able to tell
a guy who's 60 years old he can't do
meth that fucking I wants to do man I
agree he should be able to do math
here's the question is should it be okay
for you to sell in math well that sort
of gets weird because I know you're a
piece of shit of your selling mouth you
sell on this poor guy math you know he
doesn't need math Bryan needs a hug this
is what would happen if you had if you
made all drugs legal they'd get zoned
they'd get taxed there would be ways to
do it you look you want to you want to
do meth but watch this become sales
would be like this it'd be exactly like
this you you want to do Matt first of
all if you want to work for my company
no math I got a private company no math
you can't do math I know it sounds crazy
but you're not an efficient worker you
want to be a pilot no math you want to
be a cop no math you want to work in my
factory heavy machinery no math video
games I mean maybe it'll help you but if
you want to lose your teeth god you're
fucking idiot God so I think again
cocaine now we're gonna have very pure
cocaine and guess what to get it from
leaf to powder less murder no murder in
fact how's that sound it's locally
sourced how's that sound
you can do your blow and again you want
to do blow I gotta wake up in the
morning I I can't be up all night I
would love to do blow I love blow I
can't do it cuz we've done it probably
spy six times in my life blonde fantast
and you love it and you've never done it
more it's the best truck of all time
really it's the best drug of all time
III again please like the joke is when
two people are doing
blough they start a business together
you know how to mean it's like let's
just fucking open a candle store and
it's not the best idea in the world but
I don't do below I don't I'm not a drug
guy I don't have time yeah you know but
but what the point is if you had a place
I could go and it was pure and it wasn't
cut with a bunch of shit I don't know
about right and I knew I could do it and
fucking talk to my friend or have sex
with some you know whatever it is maybe
if I had time but it was consistently a
responsibility if there was consistency
yeah like if all drugs that were
dangerous for illegal yeah then maybe I
could kind of get your point right but
how many people died of overdoses every
year of prescription drugs a lot how
many people abuse prescription drugs
alcohol yeah exactly which is the most
destructive drugs and one the most
readily available right and is an
essential that's open while we're
keeping social distancing yeah alcohol
yeah so so so again I ask you tell me
the difference so what we've done is
supported a horrific criminal enterprise
all over the world yes in all of Latin
America would continue to yeah and and
and so many innocent Mexican women and
children and men and and businesses and
lives destroyed and so many Central
American law and and and it's just
destroy the fabric of others now imagine
you're supposed to take care of this
problem end coronavirus end the economy
okay end healthcare yeah and you're
running for reelection and North Korea
and Germany what all right when they
call drugs legal I think it is a logical
way of looking at yeah but I think that
the growing pains of that okay would be
people would lose their fucking minds at
you if they'd lost their children during
the growing pains and they can attribute
their child overdosing on heroin because
their son bought it legally and left it
in the house and now someone's dead sure
and you have a lot less of that because
eventually eventually I'd have a lot of
this heroin to be regulated you when you
went to a store I bought heroin just
like with weed you know exactly
what you were getting you weren't
getting shot you were getting no no
what's the other fentanyl
you get you get you know exactly what
you were getting I'd have it I'd have a
place you could do it if you wanted it'd
be all kinds of stuff and then by the
way and you can't sustain that habit you
the people that are junkies would be
junkies anyway but at least there'd be a
place would be a safe place for them to
go and get it maybe to do it like they
do in Zurich but more importantly I
legalize all fucking drugs because I
don't know cuz this war on drugs ain't
going so well there'd be a lot less
murder I'll tell you that in my opinion
well we would need someone to figure out
first of all how do you have less people
that are that's another Edie called how
do you have less people that are even
interested in doing heroin like we've
obviously done something terribly wrong
if we have people that are interested in
heroin like why why are people willing
to do drugs like crocodile you know that
yes it was making there that's the real
problem in fixing it with a patch left
or right oriented patch be careful the
tip of that thing the knife pokes
through at stab me love that so much
that's a gift from Edie he's the same
guy that brought me to death what I want
a knife dude please give me one of these
I want to carry this with me I figured
out how to death whistle you just blow
on it
I give it to you but the social
distancing rule give me that shit fuck
yeah it's gonna say you can't give a
fuck people are watching that's true
actually
III but that's what I'm saying mean
imagine someone who has to take care of
each one of those things yeah just not
sure each one of those things is
ridiculous let's a president of the
homeless this one guy when we do that we
have like well we have drug czars we
have but they don't have the kind of
power that I'm gonna give them yeah I'm
gonna give them presidential power I
don't think one person should be able to
like let people out of jail and do this
and move that what if we had one person
that stays in his fuckin lane like what
are you really good at but we have it
that we have it secretary and energy
secretary we have an education here's
what I work in this cabinet what I'm
saying is like a king of immigration
yeah this is the king this is the person
of the queen of immigration the queen of
environment yes so female wins it so you
think giving apologies more power as the
actions in Queens omit to the job I
don't like this idea I call it a
president called the head of mothers we
do we where's ours ours fucking a king
but no one big yeah but I'm talking
about czar means it's their big day
right the budget they do everything yeah
but they do doesn't czar come from so
you have the drug czar
you've got the educate czar comes from
Caesar right isn't that Russian for
Caesar the king is that what it is it's
a Russian name it's a dope bazaar
anytime you can say Zhou sorry I made a
drug czar I was like what I'll be the
sex our number what's that I know it
means Russian and Prussian I think Zara
means Caesar doesn't it I think that the
route is if you had one person in this
country that that was autonomous they
didn't need the approval of the top
president guy they just had a thing to
solve
they don't need his like no no that'd be
a terrible idea why because you're a
well I mean think about an education
Queen I mean like look at Betsy DeVos
she's got her ideas on how to run
classrooms but there's massive pushback
from teachers and everybody else so so
very controversial sons which one she
now here's which one loves Jesus cuz
that's the one I'm voting alright
I heard that argument about George W
someone said well George W is with Jesus
so on with George w Wow
yeah man there you go that's how you get
in and you want to be the education Tsar
what do you want teaching a bunch of
fuckin pagans about Zeus and shit the
fuck out of here that's that's changing
we need our Jesus um
technology all the way back technology
as with the Enlightenment as you were
able to predict the movement of the
planets that was radical because I was
at everyone went hey wait the Bible
doesn't tell us that this guy Haley
Albert Haley was able to predict
Halley's Comet her or Newton or
Copernicus or Galileo who are proving
this stuff mathematically they were
revolutionaries holy fuck it was so
outrageous but the church was like wait
a minute this is destroying the
existence of God when Einstein came
along and said time and space are
relative depending on how fast you're
moving wide think about how important
education is right it's the most
important thing and just giving someone
tools to shape their mind now think of
it in terms of the prestige that you get
as being just a high school teacher it's
nothing it's nothing no one cares you're
doing one of the most important services
to a young mind that ever you teaching
them literally filling their minds with
information imagine if someone was in
charge of Education in this country who
could who could convince everybody who
had a real philosophy and a real
strategy for educating kids and talked
about it in a way like this is how we're
gonna make we do have that no one person
who's the president one person one
person can solve these problems we elect
them I'd be the terrible idea presidents
know who's gonna be the president of
education education yeah this is the
crowds they all get together they you
have to have open debate the president
can have all power what this is my new
take on it
we need dictators that are benevolent oh
my god you're a monarchist you fucking
monarchist imagine that's what really
works
that's what used to happen they define
powers have
one really nice person who runs the
whole thing one nice person one really I
don't believe in nice people I don't
think they exist I believe human beings
are nice people but human beings are one
of the nicest people I know but I'd be a
terrible cause why I've had to like kick
people out of your life it's true cuz of
my game man I trust everybody I love
everybody you love everybody you let
everybody in I got I got fucked over
recently badly fine did you there's a
couple of times in your life where I've
had to pull you aside yeah hey fucker
yeah if I didn't love you I wouldn't be
telling you this
yeah it's time to run so yeah it's true
I I am I suppose I'm I'd be a very bad
cop because I'd be like whatever dad
need dad hit you like what the fuck all
right I'm gonna let you go but god damn
it if you do think I'm a new buddy I'll
let you know certain things I'd have no
mercy for though of course yeah yeah of
course yeah that's the thing right
there's like things that people can do
were you like you know child murder
that's it see you later
no coming back see you later there's
things like that even if you even if I
catch you with a large trove of child
pornography you can't what am I gonna do
dude if that's really what turns you on
I got it I don't know what have you seen
one of the weird you know cuz
progressive ideology right like we were
talking about before really is in some
ways is a religion just like
conservative ideologies it takes on some
of the some of the characteristics of a
religion the when there is people
predicting this but almost in jest that
one day people that are so progressive
they would look at people who are
pedophiles and saying that this is this
is just who they are and this is like
this is their sexual programming like
how they are as a person and we
shouldn't judge them
by who they are that's fine I can even
watch this I'll grant you that watch
this so so let's say with like Robert
Sapolsky work or people like this who
are studying this stuff we don't know we
don't know I don't think people choose
to be pedophiles what happens is they
wake up and they go I have I have this
irrational attraction to children okay
so you're attracted let's say
there's something horrible now III grant
you that your brain works this way
I still can't have you if you have these
impulses I can't have you out in society
bro now if you want to volunteer for
castration or if there's a if there's a
way to get you to not have these urges
now we can talk but if you if there if I
don't know how to mitigate or erase that
kind of deep-seated programming you've
got to go away I got to know where you
are at all times I can't have you near
children that this is why we incarcerate
these people Yeah right
and so it's I think we're gonna be
facing that exact question we're gonna
be saying it the more we learn about the
brain and that we're gonna be realizing
you are programmed a certain way okay we
all are now to what degree if you listen
to Sam Harris Sam doesn't even believe
in free will you know Sam will tell you
we have no control over the the
mechanics of how we make a decision when
did it start I mean what happens the
ball skis book behaves about this I
don't know I still can't run a society
that gives free rein to people that
cause destructive harm you know the
story about there was a guy who had
tumor in his brain yeah and the tumor
was literally turning him into a
pedophile yes he has the tumor removed
they prove it they prove the tumors
there so tumor removed all these
thoughts go away they come back a few
years later they do another MRI and they
find out the tumors returned like what
do you do with that because here's a guy
like you almost you he got sick he
literally got sick and that sickness led
to him being a criminal there's also a a
you can have a lesion on your brain the
size of a the head of a pen if it's in
the right part of your brain it will
turn you into a homicidal maniac
oh we know these things so really yes
yes in fact it's in a series of lectures
by in the great ideas of psychology and
it's really fascinating that you can by
Daniel Robinson or David Robinson is an
amazing guy but but but yeah and and
there is that case and there has
then there have been cases of this we
know that there are parts of the brain
when damaged can cause you to be fucking
you know amazed I'm a maniac what if
they did that to people like if you you
really wanted to be the ultimate soldier
and they had like a part of your brain
that turns you into a berserker and they
would just hit that switch yeah well
they say that a lot of what they do
psych evals on high level operators and
some of those people are able to shut
off certain parts of their you know they
can be great fathers and husbands and
brothers and they can also shut off and
when it's time to shut that off
everybody dies and they can it's called
you can deviate it's called there's a
term for it like sociopath you can
deviate into a sociopath you can deviate
into that space make the decisions that
have to be made and then come back to
morality yeah do that if you have an
ideology if you're protecting your
homeland or whatever it might be that's
a formidable soldier who's trying to
protect what he loves well and who faces
the reality of the necessity of that
like runs into really bad people in
parts of the world that really are
torturing and murdering people making
videos and putting them up on you too
like you run into those kind of people
and you actually see them in the world
you see the damage that they're doing to
people in the real world
I know a lot of soldiers have felt that
way who saw that shit and they were like
listen man that's why I killed him and I
slept well last night you know there's
something about what's going on now for
all of us where there's this massive
wake-up call as to the frailty of our
society
the-the-the how poorly we've thought out
all the consequences of any sort of
global pandemic or any natural disaster
how ill-prepared we are yeah and this is
a this is a good opportunity to wake up
and look at what we're doing and look
how fucking soft we are like it's fine
to be nice it's fine to be nice well you
know have you noticed that now we're in
this pandemic and you don't hear there's
not a lot of talk about progressive no
ideas and equality
well the real progressive ideas you're
seeing from people like nurses and
doctors and health care workers that are
there putting their fucking their
physical health on the line taking care
of these people
you're seeing people that are chipping
in and food shelters and and you know
when food kitchens and trying to feed
people that are poor you're seeing
people there's a lot of people putting
together GoFundMe yes the comi store is
putting together a fund right now to pay
for the waitstaff there's all these
different things that are happening
there are people putting together that
are happening organically mm-hmm this is
what we want what we don't want is
mandated charity mandated socialism Matt
be mandated and that's what people have
a problem with because what they're
worried about is in great times and
times that things are amazing we're
worried about people who don't want to
do their share we're worried about
people where you've created a simple
easy path for them and they're taking it
every time and time again that they're
lazy and they don't want to do any work
they don't there's people that are like
that that's different than what we're
experiencing now what we're experiencing
now is the best case scenario for human
nature in terms of the outpouring of
generosity that you get from a lot of
these people that are trying to help
other folks that are in need yeah you're
gonna have some negative stories you're
gonna have that too but what this really
is is a wake up call is that we've had
it really really really easy and because
that we were finding things to be
outraged at and the people that
experienced real strife in their life
and real difficulty they get angry at
that stuff and they get angry at that
stuff for a reason because
self-indulgence is fucking dangerous yes
because it's catchy and because you tell
all your friends the y'all yeah but yeah
you'll have a good point the government
should just fucking pay us we should
just get paid why these billionaires
have money there should be no
billionaires how about how about good
grammar being racist because if you if
you correct somebody's grammar
maybe that person didn't have the
education therefore you're being you're
being racist because maybe that that
person of color doesn't use the kind of
grammar that's standard English this is
this is a new idea too yeah there's a
lot of these new ideas that people look
for things to be outraged about well
won't it's hard to get food and again
right now the power still on okay right
now everything is at least
three-quarters of what it was - the
unemployment right they're stuck at home
but you're with the people that you love
you can
talk to them on your phone you can watch
Netflix you can do a lot of shit still
can't go to restaurants can't go to
movies but you can't go to work but you
you're kind of still around and then
you've got your financial issues but
what if what if it went one step further
do we not understand how fucking fragile
this is what if it went one step further
one rock from the sky slams into Chicago
one big-ass fucking mile wide Rock slams
into Chicago kano or volcano in Montana
that won't stop bubbling how about that
Yellowstone thing that's a giant caldera
that's 300 kilometers wide or something
stupid like that okay I think it's
actually 600 kilometers that's how big
is the caldera
climate change is a very real thing and
most of us are walking around going man
not for us God will protect us well the
problem with that is people weaponize
the idea of arguing about climate change
and if you even have a question about it
or even different if you it's one of
those things and this is not that the
experts aren't correct I am with the
experts I'm with the science on it I'm a
hundred percent in belief that human
beings are accelerating climate change
that's not my point my point is if
someone even brings up how do you know
if you're arguing about it voraciously
right you're you're like really into
fucking or you know some people that
love arguing about climate change and
they love putting you in your fucking
place yes the oceans are gonna be on
fire and they get crazy with it yes and
if you even have a conversation where
are you getting your information from
they don't really have a good source
yeah it's not like they've spent time
studying these papers and looking at the
trends and reading books on core samples
and talking to you about these shifts
and here's the problem with this shift
this shift is different than the other
ones cuz it's clearly co2 engine yeah I
tried saying with a group of people all
I try to say is I go I don't like Trump
either but I will say and I was gonna
say I I appreciate it as China policy
and certain things I literally was met
with this that I went I went but I will
but I don't don't fucking go give me a
but on this you know I'm like Jesus
Christ yeah are you that afraid of my
ideas well there's a Trump thing like
you either hate Trump or you love Trump
right you know you can't say like I I
get criticized as being some
of a closet Trump supporter because I
say anything he's funny he's going to
he's fun cracks me up
we're professional can be hilarious he's
funny look how about stuff that's not
even if no one even gets hurt
the one when he took Greenland and he
put a giant Trump Tower on it and he
tweeted I promise not to do this
if we buy he's hilarious that's funny
that doesn't mean you're a Nazi okay and
I think this is gonna calm some of that
shit down yeah this is gonna give us
real things to be outraged about and
this is a wake up call that you know our
medical systems that we have in place to
deal with pandemics they're underfunded
they're underfunded they have to be or
they're under underutilized
or there's something wrong there's
something wrong I don't want to say what
the causes I really don't know I'm an
idiot
something has left us unprepared okay
let's uh play blame anybody it is what
it is no one saw this coming but now
that we know that this can happen yeah
this has never happened before all the
years since 1776 we never walked down
the country like this but we did and the
whole world did so let's move forward
with a fucking heavy emphasis on putting
the brakes to that kind of shit figure
out what we have to do is it because you
only have a hundred scientists on it
instead of a thousand yes let's hire
nine hundred more yeah like what are we
doing you're spending so much money on
other things have a science King yes
science let's have a fucking science
King what's the difference between King
as are we have a tiger King let's have a
science yeah president science president
everybody's a president of something
economic president and that way when
something goes wrong you'll go fucking
if drop just opened the borders now you
hear like don't know it's the border
Kings problem yeah the border king says
we got to keep the borders closed it's
not Trump Trump doesn't get to see stuff
okay we have a border King voted run
king with a Sky King we have a sky
Kingdom really no he runs the skies what
I make sure it's clean yeah guys up
there with a fucking little strip I kept
testing it every day scoop and see like
hey Sky King how come this guy still
dirty fucking idiot I need blame the Sky
King all right
you can't blame Trump and his cronies
you bring Sky King I like it I want an
elk
you do we don't invite me sorry
listen you don't do it anymore you don't
really do it dude I'm dead
I'm gay my sweetie I love you yeah
there's the level between doing what we
did where you have a rifle yeah do oh
you're doing BOSU in both it's so much
work you get to the point where you can
do it efficiently Oh cuz you're doing
badly yes though I show up with a gun
well you can definitely do that if the
place is if it's legal to have a gun you
know the place for that for you would be
Hawaii really yes
lanai access dear you and I have to
shoot them you and I need to go to my
friends property in New Zealand and sure
but they probably need to shoot those to
New Zealand doesn't they do they don't
have any he's got fire drivers beaches
Candida Branson wolves bring some wolves
to New Zealand dude what could go wrong
[Laughter]
his jet skis with fucking orcas he sends
me video he's on his jet ski on his
private beach he goes yeah orcas under
him the first family that gets eaten
inside their tent by wolves and that can
happen and has happened in history folks
the first family that that ever happens
to we're all gonna have a big wake-up
call as to what a wolf is it's not that
I don't love wolves I do love wolves and
I went to that wolf connection that
rescue out in in the Senate the city of
palmdale I went to it really recently
with for Escalante and is you seems
amazing yeah hung out with them coolest
fuck but it's pure wolves are hybrids
most of them are hybrids um one of them
was about as close to a pure wolf as you
can get you couldn't do a goddamn thing
with them this guy said that one time he
admonished him for a food fight and he
was incorrect and the dope the wolf
hasn't spoken to him since why three
years ago the wolves like fuck you he
used to be able to pet him put him on
walk take him out now the wolf won't let
him anywhere near him really he decide
the guy was a cunt three years ago that
male male wolves will challenge you and
you know certain animals like camels
camels if they like you you're good if
they don't like you
they'll piss on you they'll spit on you
whoa and they will grab you and bite you
and throw you they pick you up by your
neck with their teeth I've seen that
don't fuck around with Cairo I saw a guy
trying to kill a camel he was trying to
you know there's like a certain way they
killed camels for some
religiously you can eat but a certain
way they kill him you know with with a
knife they slightly sliced her throat
right and he was doing that and this
camel was not having it and he grabs him
by the back of the neck and just fucking
whips him through the air you realize
how strong a camel is yeah it bites your
neck you're a 150-pound man you're going
flying you're gonna fly and it he'll
Chuck you just Chuck you like you throw
a housecat
Bourdain ate camel he said it was really
good all right yeah would you was it
like delicious was it taste like it's
like goat you know I guess a lot of
times in in Saudi Arabia you eat a camel
with a huge feast you'd put a goat
inside the camel Wow oh here's one these
guys trying to slice yeah this is
another one okay yeah right there look
at that guy
boom son if that thing picked him up by
his head he got his whole head in there
look at that guy that's his whole head
oh my god that wasn't it just the neck
that thing grabbed his whole head he's
gotta be fucked up bro you might realize
yeah no he's moving thank God look at
that
God yeah I just grabbed his whole house
it picked him up by his head yeah dude
that could easily break your neck
especially thing didn't let go what if
it shook him yeah just held on to the
house shoved him a bunch of times
that thing has mean fuck yeah don't fuck
with camels yeah so it's like a goat
it's a lot of meat it's a lot of meat
how many people eight thirty I don't
member I was kid by the way I was 14 13
I ate it so I'm saying go to eat with
their hands right you would your right
hand yes
everything right and you watch your ass
with your left hand dirty never give
anybody you left so shit caught stealing
traditional Saudi they would cut off
your last one what was left over oh my
god yeah
what do you do then just kill the guy
like why do you want to live like this
now you live with one hand
it's fine figure it out you know I don't
think we got to the bottom I think Bryan
Callen but it feels good to complain
I agree buddy I think that's good I
think we're with three hours in what
three hours and yeah that goes quickly
yeah I can't believe that and yeah we
are
Jesus I you know I'm joking around
obviously about the the Kings have a
king of everything joking around about
it obviously it is kind of ridiculous
that we ever think that one person could
be the president and run this whole
country it's so stupid
it's so stupid and it's so tired and
when something happens where it's really
clear that this wasn't thought out
correctly like this and that we didn't
know what was coming like this we didn't
we didn't ever think because it's never
happened before
if something's never happened before we
always think it's not going to happen or
it's a super volcano or an asteroid
impact or even though we know that
they've happened
I'm not prepped enough and I need to get
prepped for real people yeah we we keep
talking about going somewhere and I'm
not bullshitting about that how about a
place we can drive to short in a short
time though you could try to Utah in 10
hours really yeah yeah that's not a bad
one or Vegas and that's where I can get
a well and lots of guns maybe you can go
to Big Bear hmm
and just maybe go to Big Bear then they
would shut those roads off that's what
that's right then you're fucked
yeah be up there stuck still stuck with
Silverlight well they shut those roads
off sometimes unless when it snows out
you have to have chains like you have to
have changed if you're driving up there
yeah it's problem yeah whenever you see
those roads to Big Bear that say you
must build burns on your tires bill burr
can drive a helicopter you can fly a
helicopter that's right so bill will be
our go-to guy he can't we need a boat to
get out and see but we're assuming we'll
have good visibility the problem with
the helicopter thing is if it's fires if
there's fires you ain't seeing shit if
it's fires we'll figure it out if it's a
pandemic against EU we need the fucking
fire president that's what we mean we
get the fancy we'll figure it out we
need a rock solid game plan we call a
fire president who hates fire we have to
ever get our hates fire hates it fucking
hates fire imagine awful really starting
fires
do you know that's a thing I know a
lawyer defends a kid who starts fires
dresses up like a fire
and diverts traffic and they catch him
all the time and he has to go and be
like the kids obviously crazy so he's a
sociopath he gets off on creating these
issues but he loves being a fireman so
he'll start fires 11 times since he was
a little kid and now he's an adult and
he's in jail now but he yeah he dresses
up like a fireman and he likes to divert
traffic and tell people where to go and
give them advice it's now imagine you
have to fix that guy imagine he's
homeless you got to fix him you had a
homeless guy who likes houses on fire
pretends it's a fireman he's so far gone
you gotta go to jail what do you do with
but you keep him there forever that
amount one day they're gonna be more
fucked up and they were able to make the
jail for crazy people might keep them
there keep me in the pleasant chill keep
forever Pleasant though forever I don't
know yeah until I find a way to get him
until he can exhibit that he is fit to
go back to society see One Flew Over the
Cuckoo's Nest yes how come they don't
have places like that anymore one of the
greatest movies of all time do they have
places like many of them they have to
have enough I don't know but they should
have more we have mental we have
hospitals for the criminally insane
hospitals for you know right but do we
have enough cuz I think it's almost like
the answer amount of hospitals that we
have regular Peter Peter early wrote a
book called crazy his son suffers a
mental illness and what we do with most
of our mentally ill is we put them in
jail and I've been to those aquariums
that they keep people honest bad that's
where it's fucked up too it's like
you're also because you're crazy
you're also committing crimes and you
maybe could have been treated for
whatever the mental illness was
particularly it's a chemical imbalance
right yeah and then you would have never
done those crimes and then you have
never been in jail so yeah but it mean
who's responsible for it
Wellum Utley we want adults to be
responsible for themselves yeah well
this guy said Joe Newman again who wrote
raising lions I recommend it highly
he said I'm training parents a lot of
times you think I was training the kids
a lot of times I'm training the parents
and the educators on how to how to react
to the kid kid is smart and the kid is
even the kid is playing spacey and stuff
or whatever not paying attention cutting
time in school he's enjoying the
frustration and the
satis he gets he creates frustration in
the adult and get social status from
doing this I can make it very boring for
him I'll make it very boring for him
without interest just go hey time to
take a break you got to stand over there
I know it sucks but if you can throw a
tantrum but the time starts for when
you're done with the tantrum little
things like that huge results just take
the profit out of you saying this genius
tells them to you to put them in timeout
timeout but it's a very specific way of
doing it what's his solution kids gotta
go to timeout
nobody well you get these kids who
freaked out that to be put in isolation
you argue with them that's part of the
president's problem yeah so you can't
put him in timeout that's probably true
if there was like Nancy Pelosi had like
a few timeouts
yeah per year she just use it on Trump
and Trump would just have to stand in
the corner take her take your phone away
I'm gonna take a phone away no tweet no
no no I fucking legit timeout in in the
corner she's that she's a kind of person
that would put all of us in timeout
she's she's a mom but if she could do
that yeah imagine how interesting that
would be she'd go like this Donald
Donald when we take a break you're gonna
go at the boring chair if there was like
things that a person could do we had to
put him in timeout we we you and I would
be in timeout a lot oh and would you be
in timeout per year where's a kid right
now is a adult if that timeout still no
but this is a thing I get a certain
point Tom you become the master of your
own destiny you know what he can put you
in a timeout anymore unless you're at
work and you get brought in I need time
outs because I'm I'll find ways to
procrastinate and get not to the things
I'm supposed you imagine if you had a
boss at the podcast they set you and
Brendan down and we're talking about
your job performance I have a problem
with it they do that with radio shows
that's what radio shows are they're like
basically a podcast but with a boss I
know I know you know Kevin and bean you
know those guys know I love you know
Kevin they just fired him I didn't know
they fired Kevin I thought Kevin kind of
no no no they fired him and then they
fired everybody and then just told him
they're done go home and they had
security guards lead him out of the
building
yeah even Kevin yes Kevin I didn't know
Kevin got fired yeah Kevin oh fuck
that's very recent well being left like
a year ago I know and then
and Keven stayed on yeah and k-rock
jimmy kimmel made a tweet about it like
how dare you I just did Kevin at me I
love you well it's been Kevin's morning
show for like since I think January
Kevin and is it who's is woman Marla a
couple people sorry with her name's Dave
but it's not great it's they just fired
everybody I just yeah that's crazy so
there's no more no no I think it
probably happened I mean I don't know if
it had anything to do with the corona
but it was like when it was kicking in
like when everyone was starting to worry
about kovat 19 damn yeah I'm very very
worried about just what's gonna happen
all these small businesses I don't know
how much we care about
it's terrible that's terrible we need a
plan I gotta come is there any good news
on this how about this hydrochloric
quinine with our myosin does that
actually help with sorry guys I'm a
doctor is that how I read about that and
read that there's some promise to that
and I read that there's that in a
combination of some other medication
so it's essentially this drug that they
use to treat malaria it's an old-school
drug treatment Lera hydrochloric and
then there something else with it
yes hydroxychloroquine ein you should be
quinine outside it's that different it's
that people did that didn't work for
malaria anymore and so now as that and
you combine that with acid throw myosin
like a z-pack I guess and so those two
things apparently mitigate the effects
of the virus from what I heard but then
I heard no so I don't know yeah I mean
who the fuck knows there's also
intravenous vitamin C apparently has an
effect a positive effect on people that
are suffering from the illness but again
this is all anecdotal they don't have
like a real strict protocol of how you
handle this disease it's very disease I
haven't been as good as I should be
I eat food that's prepared by people
yeah you never know so you never know
yeah they they didn't know before the
Carnival Cruise Line thing that it could
stay on surfaces as long as 17 days
well I heard nine hours it depends on no
no no no this is the latest geez the
people that are examining the cruise
ship or the people are stuck on even
people that were asymptomatic they still
found traces of this shit 17 days later
in their cabins well guess what I'm done
how crazy is that asymptomatic people
and you can find the stuff in their cab
and 17 days later it's still alive
waiting for a host I don't think Kristen
Lee has left his house germaphobe I just
he's just not left his house so he also
has a new baby yeah you know but but you
know you get something delivered from
Amazon you don't know yeah there's on
services yeah in fact yes in fact the
world let's wrap it up Bryan Callen
thank you buddy finish a so trying to
push you out of the 10 minute podcast so
here he is we're gonna do the temp for
all you 10 minute podcast lovers me
Chris Lee and Will Sasso I've heard
Sasso is we're rebooting you're getting
very sassy with you you get sassy with
me he just sends me pictures of bears
eating my fish and deer he just said
yeah that's what it is see that guy has
the biggest calves I've ever seen in my
life he's the funniest fucking human
being
have you ever had him on the podcast oh
he's hilarious oh my god he's fun to
hang out with to my mom we all hung out
together he's the best will sasso to me
funniest human being maybe of all time
and and coming out in a movie called
boss level each one of his calves are
two of our own Swardson Eggers shoulders
oh dude he's so big and strong yeah yeah
they're bull hearts they're bull hearts
I call them bull hardest to bull hearts
in his fucking lower legs I remember you
telling me that let me see them like
what is going on well there's a picture
in my head next to his calf and my head
is my calf and we're the same size my
head is the same size as Cass and I'm
not kidding congratulation on your
operator status thanks buddy you saw the
way I squeezed up those rounds I'm good
guys we want to laugh right now
complicated Apes on Amazon look at this
calves that is so crazy look at the size
of his fucking calf dude that is so
ridiculous fucking he was a power lifter
I think he had some record dude those
things are ridiculous yeah look at that
one up there who's that
well that another guy that's him no
that's that's a yes those are bull
hearts those are so big look where
they're considered on the bone Wow like
saying that's for the real yes god damn
still look like that looks like Arnold
in his prime right those look like when
he would pose here are seeing him where
is that bring him let me see his his
Instagram for a sec I got a lot of
pictures with your face next to his calf
that's very odd he's Sophie wearing
different shirts spring isn't yes that's
a photo bring his Instagram up I want to
see something dressed like a woman go
down why does he have a video with
Arnold Schwarzenegger is he mocking and
I don't know he just oh good Brian this
is an audio podcast as well oh sorry
we're just going go down scroll never
mind forget it it's just he's got
somebody funny fuck what is it just Will
Sasso what is his rest
I'm fucking sue he's on a boat the wind
is blowing he's just standing a boat and
he's just he's just goes oh fucking
seaworthy as fuck he's a silly boy
alright so you create a great way to do
this more often can't wait that's one
thing that I'm getting out of this more
that I'm like I'm really appreciating
friends yes but that's when the shit
gets weird that's what you really need
you really need friends Uttam right
alright love you people bye everybody
see you
[Music]